morango	nome masculino	mo|[ran]|go
morangueira	nome feminino	mo|ran|[guei]|ra
morangueiro	nome masculino	mo|ran|[guei]|ro
morangueiro	adjetivo	mo|ran|[guei]|ro
morão	nome masculino	mo|[rão]
morar	verbo	mo|[rar]
morateira	nome feminino	mo|ra|[tei]|ra
morato	adjetivo	mo|[ra]|to
moratória	nome feminino	mo|ra|[tó]|ri|a
moratório	adjetivo	mo|ra|[tó]|ri|o
morávio	adjetivo	mo|[rá]|vi|o
morávio	nome masculino	mo|[rá]|vi|o
morbidade	nome feminino	mor|bi|[da]|de
morbidamente	advérbio	mor|bi|da|[men]|te
morbidez	nome feminino	mor|bi|[dez]
morbideza	nome feminino	mor|bi|[de]|za
morbidizar	verbo	mor|bi|di|[zar]
mórbido	adjetivo	[mór]|bi|do
morbífico	adjetivo	mor|[bí]|fi|co
morbígeno	adjetivo	mor|[bí]|ge|no
morbígero	adjetivo	mor|[bí]|ge|ro
morbilidade	nome feminino	mor|bi|li|[da]|de
morbiliforme	adjetivo	mor|bi|li|[for]|me
morbiloso	adjetivo	mor|bi|[lo]|so
morbíparo	adjetivo	mor|[bí]|pa|ro
morbo	nome masculino	[mor]|bo
morbosidade	nome feminino	mor|bo|si|[da]|de
morboso	adjetivo	mor|[bo]|so
mórbus	nome masculino	[mór]|bus
morca	nome feminino	[mor]|ca
morcão	nome masculino	mor|[cão]
morcas	nome masculino	[mor]|cas
morcegal	adjetivo	mor|ce|[gal]
morcegal	nome masculino	mor|ce|[gal]
morcegão	nome masculino	mor|ce|[gão]
morcegar	verbo	mor|ce|[gar]
morcego	nome masculino	mor|[ce]|go
morcego-de-ferradura	nome masculino	mor|ce|go-de-fer|ra|[du]|ra
morcego-orelhudo	nome masculino	mor|ce|go-o|re|[lhu]|do
morcegueiro	nome masculino	mor|ce|[guei]|ro
morcela	nome feminino	mor|[ce]|la
morcilha	nome feminino	mor|[ci]|lha
morco	nome masculino	[mor]|co
morcona	nome feminino	mor|[co]|na
mordaça	nome feminino	mor|[da]|ça
mordaçagem	nome feminino	mor|da|[ça]|gem
mordaçar	verbo	mor|da|[çar]
mordacidade	nome feminino	mor|da|ci|[da]|de
mordaz	adjetivo	mor|[daz]
mordazmente	advérbio	mor|daz|[men]|te
mordedela	nome feminino	mor|de|[de]|la
mordedor	adjetivo	mor|de|[dor]
mordedor	nome masculino	mor|de|[dor]
mordedouro	nome masculino	mor|de|[dou]|ro
mordedura	nome feminino	mor|de|[du]|ra
mordente	nome masculino	mor|[den]|te
mordente	adjetivo	mor|[den]|te
morder	verbo	mor|[der]
mordexi	nome masculino	mor|de|[xi]
mordexim	nome masculino	mor|de|[xim]
mordicação	nome feminino	mor|di|ca|[ção]
mordicadela	nome feminino	mor|di|ca|[de]|la
mordicante	adjetivo	mor|di|[can]|te
mordicar	verbo	mor|di|[car]
mordicativo	adjetivo	mor|di|ca|[ti]|vo
mordico	nome masculino	mor|[di]|co
mordida	nome feminino	mor|[di]|da
mordidela	nome feminino	mor|di|[de]|la
mordido	adjetivo	mor|[di]|do
mordimento	nome masculino	mor|di|[men]|to
mordiscar	verbo	mor|dis|[car]
mordível	adjetivo	mor|[dí]|vel
mordixi	nome masculino	mor|di|[xi]
mordixim	nome masculino	mor|di|[xim]
mordo	nome masculino	[mor]|do
mordomado	nome masculino	mor|do|[ma]|do
mordomar	verbo	mor|do|[mar]
mordomeiro	adjetivo	mor|do|[mei]|ro
mordomia	nome feminino	mor|do|[mi]|a
mordomice	nome feminino	mor|do|[mi]|ce
mordomo	nome masculino	mor|[do]|mo
mordomo-mor	nome masculino	mor|do|mo-mor
mordoviano	nome masculino	mor|do|vi|[a]|no
mordoviano	adjetivo	mor|do|vi|[a]|no
morduínico	adjetivo	mor|du|[í]|ni|co
morduíno	nome masculino	mor|du|[í]|no
moreáceo	adjetivo	mo|re|[á]|ce|o
moreão	nome masculino	mo|re|[ão]
moreia	nome feminino	mo|[rei]|a
moreira	nome feminino	mo|[rei]|ra
moreiredo	nome masculino	mo|rei|[re]|do
morena	nome feminino	mo|[re]|na
morenaça	nome feminino	mo|re|[na]|ça
morenaço	nome masculino	mo|re|[na]|ço
morenaço	adjetivo	mo|re|[na]|ço
morenado	adjetivo	mo|re|[na]|do
morénico	adjetivo	mo|[ré]|ni|co
morênico	adjetivo	mo|[rê]|ni|co
moreno	nome masculino	mo|[re]|no
moreno	adjetivo	mo|[re]|no
