moscoso	adjetivo	mos|[co]|so
moscou	nome masculino	mos|[cou]
moscóvia	nome feminino	mos|[có]|vi|a
moscoviano	adjetivo	mos|co|vi|[a]|no
moscovita	nome masculino	mos|co|[vi]|ta
moscovita	adjetivo	mos|co|[vi]|ta
moscovita	nome feminino	mos|co|[vi]|ta
moscovite	nome feminino	mos|co|[vi]|te
moscovítico	adjetivo	mos|co|[ví]|ti|co
moscovo	nome masculino	mos|[co]|vo
moslém	adjetivo	mos|[lém]
moslém	nome masculino	mos|[lém]
moslém	nome feminino	mos|[lém]
mosleme	adjetivo	mos|[le]|me
mosleme	nome masculino	mos|[le]|me
mosleme	nome feminino	mos|[le]|me
moslemia	nome feminino	mos|le|[mi]|a
moslêmico	adjetivo	mos|[lê]|mi|co
moslémico	adjetivo	mos|[lé]|mi|co
moslemita	nome masculino	mos|le|[mi]|ta
moslemita	nome feminino	mos|le|[mi]|ta
moslemita	adjetivo	mos|le|[mi]|ta
moslim	nome masculino	mos|[lim]
moslim	adjetivo	mos|[lim]
moslim	nome feminino	mos|[lim]
mosqueado	adjetivo	mos|que|[a]|do
mosqueador	adjetivo	mos|que|a|[dor]
mosqueamento	nome masculino	mos|que|a|[men]|to
mosquear	verbo	mos|que|[ar]
mosquedo	nome masculino	mos|[que]|do
mosqueia	nome feminino	mos|[quei]|a
mosqueiro	adjetivo	mos|[quei]|ro
mosqueiro	nome masculino	mos|[quei]|ro
mosquem	nome masculino	[mos]|quem
mosquem-se	nome masculino	mos|quem-se
mosqueta	nome feminino	mos|[que]|ta
mosquetaço	nome masculino	mos|que|[ta]|ço
mosquetada	nome feminino	mos|que|[ta]|da
mosquetão	nome masculino	mos|que|[tão]
mosquetaria	nome feminino	mos|que|ta|[ri]|a
mosquete	nome masculino	mos|[que]|te
mosquetear	verbo	mos|que|te|[ar]
mosqueteiro	nome masculino	mos|que|[tei]|ro
mósquida	nome masculino	[mós]|qui|da
mósquida	nome masculino	[mós]|qui|da
mosquídeo	adjetivo	mos|[quí]|de|o
mosquídeo	nome masculino	mos|[quí]|de|o
mosquídeo	nome masculino	mos|[quí]|de|o
mosquinha-morta	nome masculino	mos|qui|nha-mor|ta
mosquinha-morta	nome feminino	mos|qui|nha-mor|ta
mosquitada	nome feminino	mos|qui|[ta]|da
mosquitame	nome masculino	mos|qui|[ta]|me
mosquiteiro	nome masculino	mos|qui|[tei]|ro
mosquiteiro	adjetivo	mos|qui|[tei]|ro
mosquitinho	nome masculino	mos|qui|[ti]|nho
mosquito	nome masculino	mos|[qui]|to
mossa	nome feminino	[mos]|sa
mossado	adjetivo	mos|[sa]|do
mossar	verbo	mos|[sar]
mossegão	nome masculino	mos|se|[gão]
mossegar	verbo	mos|se|[gar]
mossineco	adjetivo	mos|si|[ne]|co
mossineco	nome masculino	mos|si|[ne]|co
mossino	adjetivo	mos|[si]|no
mossino	nome masculino	mos|[si]|no
mossoroense	adjetivo	mos|so|ro|[en]|se
mossoroense	nome masculino	mos|so|ro|[en]|se
mossoroense	nome feminino	mos|so|ro|[en]|se
mostacha	adjetivo	mos|[ta]|cha
mostacha	nome feminino	mos|[ta]|cha
mostacho	nome masculino	mos|[ta]|cho
mostaço	nome masculino	mos|[ta]|ço
mostajada	nome feminino	mos|ta|[ja]|da
mostajeiro	nome masculino	mos|ta|[jei]|ro
mostajo	nome masculino	mos|[ta]|jo
mostarda	nome masculino	mos|[tar]|da
mostarda	nome feminino	mos|[tar]|da
mostarda	adjetivo	mos|[tar]|da
mostardal	nome masculino	mos|tar|[dal]
mostardeira	nome feminino	mos|tar|[dei]|ra
mostardeiro	nome masculino	mos|tar|[dei]|ro
mosteia	nome feminino	mos|[tei]|a
mosteiró	nome masculino	mos|tei|[ró]
mosteiro	nome masculino	mos|[tei]|ro
mosteno	adjetivo	mos|[te]|no
mosteno	nome masculino	mos|[te]|no
mostífero	adjetivo	mos|[tí]|fe|ro
mostímetro	nome masculino	mos|[tí]|me|tro
mosto	nome masculino	[mos]|to
mostra	nome feminino	[mos]|tra
mostradela	nome feminino	mos|tra|[de]|la
mostrador	adjetivo	mos|tra|[dor]
mostrador	nome masculino	mos|tra|[dor]
mostragem	nome feminino	mos|[tra]|gem
mostrança	nome feminino	mos|[tran]|ça
mostrar	verbo	mos|[trar]
mostrável	adjetivo	mos|[trá]|vel
mostrengar	verbo	mos|tren|[gar]
mostrengo	nome masculino	mos|[tren]|go
mostruário	nome masculino	mos|tru|[á]|ri|o
