multilinguismo	nome masculino	mul|ti|lin|[guis]|mo
multilinguístico	adjetivo	mul|ti|lin|[guís]|ti|co
multilobado	adjetivo	mul|ti|lo|[ba]|do
multilocular	adjetivo	mul|ti|lo|cu|[lar]
multíloquo	adjetivo	mul|[tí]|lo|quo
multilustroso	adjetivo	mul|ti|lus|[tro]|so
multimâmio	adjetivo	mul|ti|[mâ]|mi|o
multimédia	adjetivo	mul|ti|[mé]|di|a
multimédia	nome masculino	mul|ti|[mé]|di|a
multimeios	adjetivo	mul|ti|[mei]|os
multímetro	nome masculino	mul|[tí]|me|tro
multimídia	adjetivo	mul|ti|[mí]|di|a
multimídia	nome feminino	mul|ti|[mí]|di|a
multimilenário	adjetivo	mul|ti|mi|le|[ná]|ri|o
multimilenário	nome masculino	mul|ti|mi|le|[ná]|ri|o
multimilionária	nome feminino	mul|ti|mi|li|o|[ná]|ri|a
multimilionário	adjetivo	mul|ti|mi|li|o|[ná]|ri|o
multimilionário	nome masculino	mul|ti|mi|li|o|[ná]|ri|o
multimodal	adjetivo	mul|ti|mo|[dal]
multímodo	adjetivo	mul|[tí]|mo|do
multinacional	adjetivo	mul|ti|na|ci|o|[nal]
multinacional	nome feminino	mul|ti|na|ci|o|[nal]
multinatalidade	nome feminino	mul|ti|na|ta|li|[da]|de
multinérveo	adjetivo	mul|ti|[nér]|ve|o
multinérvia	nome feminino	mul|ti|[nér]|vi|a
multinfeção	nome feminino	mul|tin|fe|[ção]
multinfecção	nome feminino	mul|tin|fec|[ção]
multinómio	nome masculino	mul|ti|[nó]|mi|o
multínubo	adjetivo	mul|[tí]|nu|bo
multinucleado	adjetivo	mul|ti|nu|cle|[a]|do
multinuclear	adjetivo	mul|ti|nu|cle|[ar]
multiocular	adjetivo	mul|ti|o|cu|[lar]
multiparidade	nome feminino	mul|ti|pa|ri|[da]|de
multíparo	adjetivo	mul|[tí]|pa|ro
multipartição	nome feminino	mul|ti|par|ti|[ção]
multipartidário	adjetivo	mul|ti|par|ti|[dá]|ri|o
multipartidarismo	nome masculino	mul|ti|par|ti|da|[ris]|mo
multipartido	adjetivo	mul|ti|par|[ti]|do
multipartir	verbo	mul|ti|par|[tir]
multípede	adjetivo	mul|[tí]|pe|de
multipétalo	adjetivo	mul|ti|[pé]|ta|lo
multipistilado	adjetivo	mul|ti|pis|ti|[la]|do
multiplamente	advérbio	mul|ti|pla|[men]|te
multiplano	nome masculino	mul|ti|[pla]|no
multiplex	adjetivo	mul|ti|[plex]
multiplex	nome masculino	mul|ti|[plex]
multíplex	adjetivo	mul|[tí]|plex
multiplexação	nome feminino	mul|ti|ple|xa|[ção]
multiplexado	adjetivo	mul|ti|ple|[xa]|do
multiplexador	nome masculino	mul|ti|ple|xa|[dor]
multiplexagem	nome feminino	mul|ti|ple|[xa]|gem
multiplexar	verbo	mul|ti|ple|[xar]
multiplicação	nome feminino	mul|ti|pli|ca|[ção]
multiplicado	adjetivo	mul|ti|pli|[ca]|do
multiplicador	nome masculino	mul|ti|pli|ca|[dor]
multiplicador	adjetivo	mul|ti|pli|ca|[dor]
multiplicando	nome masculino	mul|ti|pli|[can]|do
multiplicando	adjetivo	mul|ti|pli|[can]|do
multiplicar	verbo	mul|ti|pli|[car]
multiplicativo	adjetivo	mul|ti|pli|ca|[ti]|vo
multiplicável	adjetivo	mul|ti|pli|[cá]|vel
multíplice	adjetivo	mul|[tí]|pli|ce
multiplicidade	nome feminino	mul|ti|pli|ci|[da]|de
múltiplo	adjetivo	[múl]|ti|plo
múltiplo	nome masculino	[múl]|ti|plo
multipolar	adjetivo	mul|ti|po|[lar]
multiponteado	adjetivo	mul|ti|pon|te|[a]|do
multipontuado	adjetivo	mul|ti|pon|tu|[a]|do
multipotente	adjetivo	mul|ti|po|[ten]|te
multiprocessador	nome masculino	mul|ti|pro|ces|sa|[dor]
multiprocessamento	nome masculino	mul|ti|pro|ces|sa|[men]|to
multirracial	adjetivo	mul|tir|ra|ci|[al]
multirracialidade	nome feminino	mul|tir|ra|ci|a|li|[da]|de
multirradiado	adjetivo	mul|tir|ra|di|[a]|do
multirradicular	adjetivo	mul|tir|ra|di|cu|[lar]
multirresistente	adjetivo	mul|tir|re|sis|[ten]|te
multirrisco	adjetivo	mul|tir|[ris]|co
multirrisco	nome masculino	mul|tir|[ris]|co
multisciente	adjetivo	mul|tis|ci|[en]|te
multíscio	adjetivo	mul|[tís]|ci|o
multissectorial	adjetivo	mul|tis|sec|to|ri|[al]
multissecular	adjetivo	mul|tis|se|cu|[lar]
multissetorial	adjetivo	mul|tis|se|to|ri|[al]
multíssono	adjetivo	mul|[tís]|so|no
multissubtil	adjetivo	mul|tis|sub|[til]
multitarefa	nome feminino	mul|ti|ta|[re]|fa
multitubular	adjetivo	mul|ti|tu|bu|[lar]
multitudinário	adjetivo	mul|ti|tu|di|[ná]|ri|o
multiungulado	adjetivo	mul|ti|un|gu|[la]|do
multiuso	adjetivo	mul|[tiu]|so
multiusos	adjetivo	mul|[tiu]|sos
multiusuário	adjetivo	mul|tiu|su|[á]|ri|o
multívago	adjetivo	mul|[tí]|va|go
multivalência	nome feminino	mul|ti|va|[lên]|ci|a
multivalente	adjetivo	mul|ti|va|[len]|te
multivalve	adjetivo	mul|ti|[val]|ve
multivalvular	adjetivo	mul|ti|val|vu|[lar]
multivértice	adjetivo	mul|ti|[vér]|ti|ce
multivibrador	nome masculino	mul|ti|vi|bra|[dor]
multívio	adjetivo	mul|[tí]|vi|o
