mutuante	nome masculino	mu|tu|[an]|te
mutuante	nome feminino	mu|tu|[an]|te
mutuar	verbo	mu|tu|[ar]
mutuário	nome masculino	mu|tu|[á]|ri|o
mutuatário	nome masculino	mu|tu|a|[tá]|ri|o
mutuca	nome masculino	mu|[tu]|ca
mutuca	adjetivo	mu|[tu]|ca
mutuca	nome feminino	mu|[tu]|ca
mutucal	nome masculino	mu|tu|[cal]
mutucuna	nome feminino	mu|tu|[cu]|na
mutuje	nome masculino	mu|[tu]|je
mutula	nome feminino	mu|[tu]|la
mútulo	nome masculino	[mú]|tu|lo
mutum	nome masculino	mu|[tum]
mutunda	nome feminino	mu|[tun]|da
mutundo	nome masculino	mu|[tun]|do
mutune	nome masculino	mu|[tu]|ne
mutunga	nome feminino	mu|[tun]|ga
mutunje	nome masculino	mu|[tun]|je
mútuo	nome masculino	[mú]|tu|o
mútuo	adjetivo	[mú]|tu|o
mutuqueiro	nome masculino	mu|tu|[quei]|ro
muturi	nome masculino	mu|tu|[ri]
muturi	nome feminino	mu|tu|[ri]
muturicu	adjetivo	mu|tu|ri|[cu]
muturicu	nome masculino	mu|tu|ri|[cu]
muturicu	nome feminino	mu|tu|ri|[cu]
mutusceu	adjetivo	mu|tus|[ceu]
mutusceu	nome masculino	mu|tus|[ceu]
mututa	nome feminino	mu|[tu]|ta
mututi	nome masculino	mu|tu|[ti]
mututu	nome masculino	mu|tu|[tu]
múvio	nome masculino	[mú]|vi|o
muvuca	nome feminino	mu|[vu]|ca
muxacato	nome masculino	mu|xa|[ca]|to
muxara	nome feminino	mu|[xa]|ra
muxaxa	nome feminino	mu|[xa]|xa
muxiba	nome feminino	mu|[xi]|ba
muxibento	adjetivo	mu|xi|[ben]|to
muxiconga	nome feminino	mu|xi|[con]|ga
muxicongo	nome masculino	mu|xi|[con]|go
muxicongo	adjetivo	mu|xi|[con]|go
muxiloxilo	nome masculino	mu|xi|lo|[xi]|lo
muxima	nome feminino	mu|[xi]|ma
muximar	verbo	mu|xi|[mar]
muxinda	nome feminino	mu|[xin]|da
muxinga	nome feminino	mu|[xin]|ga
muxingueiro	nome masculino	mu|xin|[guei]|ro
muxirão	nome masculino	mu|xi|[rão]
muxíri	nome masculino	mu|[xí]|ri
muxito	nome masculino	mu|[xi]|to
muxixe	nome masculino	mu|[xi]|xe
muxoxamento	nome masculino	mu|xo|xa|[men]|to
muxoxar	verbo	mu|xo|[xar]
muxoxo	nome masculino	mu|[xo]|xo
muxuango	nome masculino	mu|xu|[an]|go
muxuri	nome masculino	mu|xu|[ri]
muxurundar	verbo	mu|xu|run|[dar]
muzambo	nome masculino	mu|[zam]|bo
muzangala	nome masculino	mu|zan|[ga]|la
muzemba	nome feminino	mu|[zem]|ba
muzenza	nome feminino	mu|[zen]|za
muzenze	nome masculino	mu|[zen]|ze
muzimba	adjetivo	mu|[zim]|ba
muzimba	nome masculino	mu|[zim]|ba
muzimba	nome feminino	mu|[zim]|ba
muzimo	nome masculino	mu|[zi]|mo
muzinga	nome feminino	mu|[zin]|ga
muzino	nome masculino	mu|[zi]|no
muzombo	adjetivo	mu|[zom]|bo
muzombo	nome masculino	mu|[zom]|bo
muzongue	nome masculino	mu|[zon]|gue
muzuco	nome masculino	mu|[zu]|co
muzucuro	nome masculino	mu|zu|[cu]|ro
muzumba	nome feminino	mu|[zum]|ba
muzumbi	nome masculino	mu|zum|[bi]
muzumbo	nome masculino	mu|[zum]|bo
muzuna	nome feminino	mu|[zu]|na
muzungo	nome masculino	mu|[zun]|go
muzuzo	nome masculino	mu|[zu]|zo
muzuzuro	adjetivo	mu|zu|[zu]|ro
muzuzuro	nome masculino	mu|zu|[zu]|ro
mvdol	nome masculino	[mvdol]
