má	nome feminino	[má]
má-criação	nome feminino	má-cri|a|[ção]
má-criadice	nome feminino	má-cri|a|[di]|ce
má-fé	nome feminino	[má-fé]
má-língua	adjetivo	má-lín|gua
má-língua	nome masculino	má-lín|gua
má-língua	nome feminino	má-lín|gua
má-raios	interjeição	má-rai|os
maamba	nome feminino	ma|[am]|ba
maamúdi	nome masculino	ma|a|[mú]|di
maari	nome masculino	ma|a|[ri]
maatma	nome masculino	ma|[at]|ma
maba	nome masculino	[ma]|ba
mabaça	adjetivo	ma|[ba]|ça
mabaça	nome masculino	ma|[ba]|ça
mabaça	nome feminino	ma|[ba]|ça
mabala	nome feminino	ma|[ba]|la
mabalanganga	adjetivo	ma|ba|lan|[gan]|ga
mabandidos	nome masculino	ma|ban|[di]|dos
mabanga	nome feminino	ma|[ban]|ga
mabate	nome masculino	ma|[ba]|te
mabeco	nome masculino	ma|[be]|co
mabeia	nome feminino	ma|[bei]|a
mabela	nome feminino	ma|[be]|la
mabiú	adjetivo	ma|bi|[ú]
mabiú	nome masculino	ma|bi|[ú]
mabiú	nome feminino	ma|bi|[ú]
mablembê	nome masculino	ma|blem|[bê]
maboca	nome feminino	ma|[bo]|ca
maboia	nome feminino	ma|[boi]|a
mabole	nome masculino	ma|[bo]|le
maboque	nome masculino	ma|[bo]|que
mabounga	nome feminino	ma|bo|[un]|ga
mabrindado	adjetivo	ma|brin|[da]|do
mabrindado	nome masculino	ma|brin|[da]|do
mabu	nome feminino	ma|[bu]
mabuba	nome feminino	ma|[bu]|ba
mabululos	nome masculino	ma|bu|[lu]|los
mabululu	nome masculino	ma|bu|lu|[lu]
mabunda	nome feminino	ma|[bun]|da
mabuno	nome masculino	ma|[bu]|no
mabuta	nome masculino	ma|[bu]|ta
maca	nome feminino	[ma]|ca
maçã	nome feminino	ma|[çã]
maça	nome feminino	[ma]|ça
macá	nome masculino	ma|[cá]
maçã de Adão	nome feminino	ma|çã de A|dão
macaba	nome feminino	ma|[ca]|ba
macabeia	nome feminino	ma|ca|[bei]|a
macabeu	nome masculino	ma|ca|[beu]
macabeu	adjetivo	ma|ca|[beu]
macabire	adjetivo	ma|ca|[bi]|re
macabire	nome masculino	ma|ca|[bi]|re
macabire	nome feminino	ma|ca|[bi]|re
macabramente	advérbio	ma|ca|bra|[men]|te
macabrear	verbo	ma|ca|bre|[ar]
macabrismo	nome masculino	ma|ca|[bris]|mo
macabro	adjetivo	ma|[ca]|bro
macaca	nome feminino	ma|[ca]|ca
macacacau	nome masculino	ma|ca|ca|[cau]
macacada	nome feminino	ma|ca|[ca]|da
macacal	adjetivo	ma|ca|[cal]
macacal	nome masculino	ma|ca|[cal]
macacalhada	nome feminino	ma|ca|ca|[lha]|da
macacão	nome masculino	ma|ca|[cão]
macacar	verbo	ma|ca|[car]
macáçar	adjetivo	ma|[cá]|çar
macáçar	nome masculino	ma|[cá]|çar
macáçar	nome feminino	ma|[cá]|çar
macaçarês	adjetivo	ma|ca|ça|[rês]
macaçarês	nome masculino	ma|ca|ça|[rês]
macacaria	nome feminino	ma|ca|ca|[ri]|a
macacaúba	nome feminino	ma|ca|ca|[ú]|ba
macaco	nome masculino	ma|[ca]|co
macaco	adjetivo	ma|[ca]|co
macacoa	nome feminino	ma|ca|[co]|a
macacório	adjetivo	ma|ca|[có]|ri|o
macacório	nome masculino	ma|ca|[có]|ri|o
macaçote	nome masculino	ma|ca|[ço]|te
maçacoto	nome masculino	ma|ça|[co]|to
maçacroco	nome masculino	ma|ça|[cro]|co
macacu	nome masculino	ma|ca|[cu]
maçacuca	nome feminino	ma|ça|[cu]|ca
maçada	nome feminino	ma|[ça]|da
macadame	nome masculino	ma|ca|[da]|me
macadâmia	nome feminino	ma|ca|[dâ]|mi|a
macadamização	nome feminino	ma|ca|da|mi|za|[ção]
macadamizado	adjetivo	ma|ca|da|mi|[za]|do
macadamizar	verbo	ma|ca|da|mi|[zar]
maçadeiro	nome masculino	ma|ça|[dei]|ro
maçadela	nome feminino	ma|ça|[de]|la
maçadiço	adjetivo	ma|ça|[di]|ço
maçado	adjetivo	ma|[ça]|do
maçadoiro	nome masculino	ma|ça|[doi]|ro
maçador	adjetivo	ma|ça|[dor]
maçador	nome masculino	ma|ça|[dor]
maçadora	nome feminino	ma|ça|[do]|ra
maçadoria	nome feminino	ma|ça|do|[ri]|a
maçadouro	nome masculino	ma|ça|[dou]|ro
maçadura	nome feminino	ma|ça|[du]|ra
