mandador	adjetivo	man|da|[dor]
mandador	nome masculino	man|da|[dor]
mandadora	nome feminino	man|da|[do]|ra
mandaguari	nome feminino	man|da|gua|[ri]
mandala	nome masculino	man|[da]|la
mandalete	nome masculino	man|da|[le]|te
mandamento	nome masculino	man|da|[men]|to
mandande	nome masculino	man|[dan]|de
mandano	adjetivo	man|[da]|no
mandano	nome masculino	man|[da]|no
mandante	nome masculino	man|[dan]|te
mandante	adjetivo	man|[dan]|te
mandante	nome feminino	man|[dan]|te
mandão	adjetivo	man|[dão]
mandão	nome masculino	man|[dão]
mandapuá	nome feminino	man|da|pu|[á]
mandapuçá	nome masculino	man|da|pu|[çá]
mandaque	nome masculino	man|[da]|que
mandar	verbo	man|[dar]
mandaravé	nome feminino	man|da|ra|[vé]
mandareco	nome masculino	man|da|[re]|co
mandarete	nome masculino	man|da|[re]|te
mandarim	nome masculino	man|da|[rim]
mandarina	nome feminino	man|da|[ri]|na
mandarinado	nome masculino	man|da|ri|[na]|do
mandarinato	nome masculino	man|da|ri|[na]|to
mandarinesco	adjetivo	man|da|ri|[nes]|co
mandarinete	nome masculino	man|da|ri|[ne]|te
mandarínico	adjetivo	man|da|[rí]|ni|co
mandarinismo	nome masculino	man|da|ri|[nis]|mo
mandarino	nome masculino	man|da|[ri]|no
mandarová	nome masculino	man|da|ro|[vá]
mandatar	verbo	man|da|[tar]
mandatário	nome masculino	man|da|[tá]|ri|o
mandato	nome masculino	man|[da]|to
mandável	adjetivo	man|[dá]|vel
mandeu	adjetivo	man|[deu]
mandeu	nome masculino	man|[deu]
mandi	nome masculino	man|[di]
mandiba	nome feminino	man|[di]|ba
mandibé	nome masculino	man|di|[bé]
mandibi	nome masculino	man|di|[bi]
mandíbula	nome feminino	man|[dí]|bu|la
mandibulação	nome feminino	man|di|bu|la|[ção]
mandibulado	adjetivo	man|di|bu|[la]|do
mandibular	verbo	man|di|bu|[lar]
mandibular	adjetivo	man|di|bu|[lar]
mandibuliforme	adjetivo	man|di|bu|li|[for]|me
mandibulióideo	adjetivo	man|di|bu|li|[ói]|de|o
mandibulolabial	adjetivo	man|di|bu|lo|la|bi|[al]
mandiguaru	nome masculino	man|di|gua|[ru]
mandiguera	nome masculino	man|di|[gue]|ra
mandil	nome masculino	man|[dil]
mandil	adjetivo	man|[dil]
mandil	nome feminino	man|[dil]
mandileiro	nome masculino	man|di|[lei]|ro
mandilete	nome masculino	man|di|[le]|te
mandinga	nome masculino	man|[din]|ga
mandinga	nome feminino	man|[din]|ga
mandinga	adjetivo	man|[din]|ga
mandingar	verbo	man|din|[gar]
mandingaria	nome feminino	man|din|ga|[ri]|a
mandingueiro	nome masculino	man|din|[guei]|ro
mandinguento	adjetivo	man|din|[guen]|to
mandioca	nome feminino	man|di|[o]|ca
mandiocaba	nome feminino	man|di|o|[ca]|ba
mandiocal	nome masculino	man|di|o|[cal]
mandioqueira	nome feminino	man|di|o|[quei]|ra
mandioqueiro	nome masculino	man|di|o|[quei]|ro
mandioquinha-do-campo	nome feminino	man|di|o|qui|nha-do-cam|po
mandiple	nome masculino	man|[di]|ple
mandíple	nome feminino	man|[dí]|ple
mandiva	nome feminino	man|[di]|va
mando	nome masculino	[man]|do
mandó	nome masculino	man|[dó]
mandola	nome feminino	man|[do]|la
mandolim	nome masculino	man|do|[lim]
mandolina	nome feminino	man|do|[li]|na
mandolinata	nome feminino	man|do|li|[na]|ta
mandolinete	nome masculino	man|do|li|[ne]|te
mandona	nome feminino	man|[do]|na
mandonguice	nome feminino	man|don|[gui]|ce
mandonismo	nome masculino	man|do|[nis]|mo
mandora	nome feminino	man|[do]|ra
mandovi	nome masculino	man|do|[vi]
mandovim	nome masculino	man|do|[vim]
mandraca	nome feminino	man|[dra]|ca
mandraço	nome masculino	man|[dra]|ço
mandraço	adjetivo	man|[dra]|ço
mandrágora	nome feminino	man|[drá]|go|ra
mandrana	nome masculino	man|[dra]|na
mandrana	nome feminino	man|[dra]|na
mandranice	nome feminino	man|dra|[ni]|ce
mandraqueiro	adjetivo	man|dra|[quei]|ro
mandraqueiro	nome masculino	man|dra|[quei]|ro
mândria	nome feminino	[mân]|dri|a
mandriagem	nome feminino	man|dri|[a]|gem
mandrianar	verbo	man|dri|a|[nar]
mandrião	nome masculino	man|dri|[ão]
mandrião	adjetivo	man|dri|[ão]
