maninhádego	nome masculino	ma|ni|[nhá]|de|go
maninhar	verbo	ma|ni|[nhar]
maninhez	nome feminino	ma|ni|[nhez]
maninho	nome masculino	ma|[ni]|nho
maninho	adjetivo	ma|[ni]|nho
manino	adjetivo	ma|[ni]|no
maniota	nome feminino	ma|ni|[o]|ta
manipanso	nome masculino	ma|ni|[pan]|so
manipresto	adjetivo	ma|ni|[pres]|to
manipuçá	nome masculino	ma|ni|pu|[çá]
manipueira	nome feminino	ma|ni|pu|[ei]|ra
manipuera	nome feminino	ma|ni|pu|[e]|ra
manípula	nome feminino	ma|[ní]|pu|la
manipulação	nome feminino	ma|ni|pu|la|[ção]
manipulado	adjetivo	ma|ni|pu|[la]|do
manipulador	nome masculino	ma|ni|pu|la|[dor]
manipulador	adjetivo	ma|ni|pu|la|[dor]
manipuladora	nome feminino	ma|ni|pu|la|[do]|ra
manipular	nome masculino	ma|ni|pu|[lar]
manipular	verbo	ma|ni|pu|[lar]
manipular	adjetivo	ma|ni|pu|[lar]
manipulário	nome masculino	ma|ni|pu|[lá]|ri|o
manipulatório	adjetivo	ma|ni|pu|la|[tó]|ri|o
manipulável	adjetivo	ma|ni|pu|[lá]|vel
manípulo	nome masculino	ma|[ní]|pu|lo
maniputo	nome masculino	ma|ni|[pu]|to
maniqueísmo	nome masculino	ma|ni|que|[ís]|mo
maniqueísta	adjetivo	ma|ni|que|[ís]|ta
maniqueísta	nome masculino	ma|ni|que|[ís]|ta
maniqueísta	nome feminino	ma|ni|que|[ís]|ta
maniqueístico	adjetivo	ma|ni|que|[ís]|ti|co
maniquera	nome feminino	ma|ni|[que]|ra
maniquete	nome masculino	ma|ni|[que]|te
maniqueu	nome masculino	ma|ni|[queu]
maniqueu	adjetivo	ma|ni|[queu]
manir	verbo	ma|[nir]
manirroto	adjetivo	ma|nir|[ro]|to
manismo	nome masculino	ma|[nis]|mo
manistérgio	nome masculino	ma|nis|[tér]|gi|o
manita	nome feminino	ma|[ni]|ta
manita	adjetivo	ma|[ni]|ta
manita	nome masculino	ma|[ni]|ta
manitado	adjetivo	ma|ni|[ta]|do
manite	nome feminino	ma|[ni]|te
manítico	adjetivo	ma|[ní]|ti|co
manitina	nome feminino	ma|ni|[ti]|na
manitol	nome masculino	ma|ni|[tol]
manitu	nome masculino	ma|ni|[tu]
manituísmo	nome masculino	ma|ni|tu|[ís]|mo
maniuara	nome feminino	ma|niu|[a]|ra
maniva	nome feminino	ma|[ni]|va
manival	nome masculino	ma|ni|[val]
manivela	nome feminino	ma|ni|[ve]|la
manivelar	verbo	ma|ni|ve|[lar]
manivérsia	nome feminino	ma|ni|[vér]|si|a
maniverso	adjetivo	ma|ni|[ver]|so
manixeiro	nome masculino	ma|ni|[xei]|ro
manixi	nome masculino	ma|ni|[xi]
manja	nome feminino	[man]|ja
manja-léguas	nome masculino	man|ja-lé|guas
manjaca	nome feminino	man|[ja]|ca
manjaco	nome masculino	man|[ja]|co
manjaco	adjetivo	man|[ja]|co
manjadoira	nome feminino	man|ja|[doi]|ra
manjadoura	nome feminino	man|ja|[dou]|ra
manjaleco	nome masculino	man|ja|[le]|co
manjaléu	nome masculino	man|ja|[léu]
manjar	nome masculino	man|[jar]
manjar	verbo	man|[jar]
manjar-branco	nome masculino	man|jar-bran|co
manjar-imperial	nome masculino	man|jar-im|pe|ri|[al]
manjar-real	nome masculino	man|jar-re|[al]
manjarona	nome feminino	man|ja|[ro]|na
manjedoira	nome feminino	man|je|[doi]|ra
manjedoura	nome feminino	man|je|[dou]|ra
manjelim	nome masculino	man|je|[lim]
manjerão	nome masculino	man|je|[rão]
manjericão	nome masculino	man|je|ri|[cão]
manjerico	nome masculino	man|je|[ri]|co
manjerioba	nome feminino	man|je|ri|[o]|ba
manjerona	nome feminino	man|je|[ro]|na
manjerona	nome masculino	man|je|[ro]|na
manjil	nome masculino	man|[jil]
manjiroba	nome feminino	man|ji|[ro]|ba
manjoada	nome feminino	man|jo|[a]|da
manjola	nome feminino	man|[jo]|la
manjolinho	nome masculino	man|jo|[li]|nho
manjorra	nome feminino	man|[jor]|ra
manjovo	nome masculino	man|[jo]|vo
manju	adjetivo	man|[ju]
manju	nome masculino	man|[ju]
manju	nome feminino	man|[ju]
manjua	nome feminino	man|[ju]|a
manjuandade	nome feminino	man|ju|an|[da]|de
manjuba	nome feminino	man|[ju]|ba
mano	nome masculino	[ma]|no
mano	adjetivo	[ma]|no
mano a mano	nome masculino	[ma]|no a ma|no
manoal	nome masculino	ma|no|[al]
manobra	nome feminino	ma|[no]|bra
