machadiano	adjetivo	ma|cha|di|[a]|no
machadinha	nome feminino	ma|cha|[di]|nha
machadinho	nome masculino	ma|cha|[di]|nho
machadismo	nome masculino	ma|cha|[dis]|mo
machadista	adjetivo	ma|cha|[dis]|ta
machadista	nome masculino	ma|cha|[dis]|ta
machadista	nome feminino	ma|cha|[dis]|ta
machado	nome masculino	ma|[cha]|do
machamba	nome feminino	ma|[cham]|ba
machão	nome masculino	ma|[chão]
macharrão	nome masculino	ma|char|[rão]
machatim	nome masculino	ma|cha|[tim]
macheado	nome masculino	ma|che|[a]|do
macheado	adjetivo	ma|che|[a]|do
machear	verbo	ma|che|[ar]
machego	nome masculino	ma|[che]|go
macheia	nome feminino	ma|[chei]|a
macheiro	nome masculino	ma|[chei]|ro
machetada	nome feminino	ma|che|[ta]|da
machete	nome masculino	ma|[che]|te
machia	nome feminino	ma|[chi]|a
machial	nome masculino	ma|chi|[al]
machiar	verbo	ma|chi|[ar]
machicar	verbo	ma|chi|[car]
machieiral	nome masculino	ma|chi|ei|[ral]
machieiro	nome masculino	ma|chi|[ei]|ro
machil	nome masculino	ma|[chil]
machila	nome feminino	ma|[chi]|la
machileiro	nome masculino	ma|chi|[lei]|ro
machim	nome masculino	ma|[chim]
machim	nome feminino	ma|[chim]
machimba	nome feminino	ma|[chim]|ba
machimbombo	nome masculino	ma|chim|[bom]|bo
machinar	verbo	ma|chi|[nar]
machinha	nome feminino	ma|[chi]|nha
machinho	nome masculino	ma|[chi]|nho
machinhudo	adjetivo	ma|chi|[nhu]|do
machio	adjetivo	ma|[chi]|o
machio	nome masculino	ma|[chi]|o
machiquense	adjetivo	ma|chi|[quen]|se
machiquense	nome feminino	ma|chi|[quen]|se
machiquense	nome masculino	ma|chi|[quen]|se
machira	nome feminino	ma|[chi]|ra
machismo	nome masculino	ma|[chis]|mo
machista	adjetivo	ma|[chis]|ta
machista	nome masculino	ma|[chis]|ta
machista	nome feminino	ma|[chis]|ta
macho	nome masculino	[ma]|cho
macho	adjetivo	[ma]|cho
macho-fêmea	nome masculino	ma|cho-fê|me|a
machoa	nome feminino	ma|[cho]|a
machoca	nome feminino	ma|[cho]|ca
machoco	nome masculino	ma|[cho]|co
machona	nome feminino	ma|[cho]|na
machongo	nome masculino	ma|[chon]|go
machorra	nome feminino	ma|[chor]|ra
machorro	adjetivo	ma|[chor]|ro
machorro	nome masculino	ma|[chor]|ro
machuca	nome feminino	ma|[chu]|ca
machuca-rolhas	nome masculino	ma|chu|ca-ro|lhas
machucação	nome feminino	ma|chu|ca|[ção]
machucadela	nome feminino	ma|chu|ca|[de]|la
machucado	adjetivo	ma|chu|[ca]|do
machucador	adjetivo	ma|chu|ca|[dor]
machucador	nome masculino	ma|chu|ca|[dor]
machucadura	nome feminino	ma|chu|ca|[du]|ra
machucamento	nome masculino	ma|chu|ca|[men]|to
machução	nome masculino	ma|chu|[ção]
machucar	verbo	ma|chu|[car]
machucho	adjetivo	ma|[chu]|cho
machucho	nome masculino	ma|[chu]|cho
machuco	nome masculino	ma|[chu]|co
machundade	nome feminino	ma|chun|[da]|de
machuqueira	nome feminino	ma|chu|[quei]|ra
machuqueiro	nome masculino	ma|chu|[quei]|ro
machurra	adjetivo	ma|[chur]|ra
maciamente	advérbio	ma|ci|a|[men]|te
maciar	verbo	ma|ci|[ar]
maciçaba	nome masculino	ma|ci|[ça]|ba
maciçamente	advérbio	ma|ci|ça|[men]|te
macicez	nome feminino	ma|ci|[cez]
maciço	nome masculino	ma|[ci]|ço
maciço	adjetivo	ma|[ci]|ço
mácide	nome feminino	[má]|ci|de
macieira	nome feminino	ma|ci|[ei]|ra
maciez	nome feminino	ma|ci|[ez]
macieza	nome feminino	ma|ci|[e]|za
macilência	nome feminino	ma|ci|[lên]|ci|a
macilento	adjetivo	ma|ci|[len]|to
macina	nome feminino	ma|[ci]|na
macinho	nome masculino	ma|[ci]|nho
macio	adjetivo	ma|[ci]|o
macio	nome masculino	ma|[ci]|o
maciota	nome feminino	ma|ci|[o]|ta
macis	nome masculino	ma|[cis]
macla	nome feminino	[ma]|cla
maclação	nome feminino	ma|cla|[ção]
maclado	adjetivo	ma|[cla]|do
macleia	nome feminino	ma|[clei]|a
maclífero	adjetivo	ma|[clí]|fe|ro
