marcadoiro	nome masculino	mar|ca|[doi]|ro
marcadoiro	adjetivo	mar|ca|[doi]|ro
marcador	nome masculino	mar|ca|[dor]
marcador	adjetivo	mar|ca|[dor]
marcadouro	adjetivo	mar|ca|[dou]|ro
marcadouro	nome masculino	mar|ca|[dou]|ro
marçagão	nome masculino	mar|ça|[gão]
marçalino	adjetivo	mar|ça|[li]|no
marçano	nome masculino	mar|[ça]|no
marcante	adjetivo	mar|[can]|te
marcar	verbo	mar|[car]
marcassita	nome feminino	mar|cas|[si]|ta
marcassite	nome feminino	mar|cas|[si]|te
marcassítico	adjetivo	mar|cas|[sí]|ti|co
marcavala	nome feminino	mar|ca|[va]|la
marcável	adjetivo	mar|[cá]|vel
marcejar	verbo	mar|ce|[jar]
marcela	nome feminino	mar|[ce]|la
marcelianismo	nome masculino	mar|ce|li|a|[nis]|mo
marceliano	adjetivo	mar|ce|li|[a]|no
marceliano	nome masculino	mar|ce|li|[a]|no
marcelino	adjetivo	mar|ce|[li]|no
marcelismo	nome masculino	mar|ce|[lis]|mo
marcelista	nome masculino	mar|ce|[lis]|ta
marcelista	nome feminino	mar|ce|[lis]|ta
marcelista	adjetivo	mar|ce|[lis]|ta
marcenaria	nome feminino	mar|ce|na|[ri]|a
marceneirar	verbo	mar|ce|nei|[rar]
marceneiro	nome masculino	mar|ce|[nei]|ro
marcescência	nome feminino	mar|ces|[cên]|ci|a
marcescente	adjetivo	mar|ces|[cen]|te
marcescível	adjetivo	mar|ces|[cí]|vel
marcha	nome feminino	[mar]|cha
marcha-atrás	nome feminino	mar|cha-a|[trás]
marchador	nome masculino	mar|cha|[dor]
marchador	adjetivo	mar|cha|[dor]
marchand	nome feminino	[mar]|chand
marchand	nome masculino	mar|chand
marchantaria	nome feminino	mar|chan|ta|[ri]|a
marchante	nome masculino	mar|[chan]|te
marchântia	nome feminino	mar|[chân]|ti|a
marchantiácea	nome feminino	mar|chan|ti|[á]|ce|a
marchantiáceo	adjetivo	mar|chan|ti|[á]|ce|o
marchar	verbo	mar|[char]
marche-marche	nome masculino	mar|che-mar|che
marcheta	nome feminino	mar|[che]|ta
marchetado	adjetivo	mar|che|[ta]|do
marchetado	nome masculino	mar|che|[ta]|do
marchetar	verbo	mar|che|[tar]
marchetaria	nome feminino	mar|che|ta|[ri]|a
marchete	nome masculino	mar|[che]|te
marcheteiro	nome masculino	mar|che|[tei]|ro
marchinha	nome feminino	mar|[chi]|nha
marcial	adjetivo	mar|ci|[al]
marcialidade	nome feminino	mar|ci|a|li|[da]|de
marcialização	nome feminino	mar|ci|a|li|za|[ção]
marcializar	verbo	mar|ci|a|li|[zar]
marcialmente	advérbio	mar|ci|al|[men]|te
marciana	nome feminino	mar|ci|[a]|na
marciano	nome masculino	mar|ci|[a]|no
marciano	adjetivo	mar|ci|[a]|no
marcianopolitano	adjetivo	mar|ci|a|no|po|li|[ta]|no
marcianopolitano	nome masculino	mar|ci|a|no|po|li|[ta]|no
marciático	adjetivo	mar|ci|[á]|ti|co
márcido	adjetivo	[már]|ci|do
márcio	adjetivo	[már]|ci|o
marcionismo	nome masculino	mar|ci|o|[nis]|mo
marcionista	adjetivo	mar|ci|o|[nis]|ta
marcionista	nome masculino	mar|ci|o|[nis]|ta
marcionista	nome feminino	mar|ci|o|[nis]|ta
marco	nome masculino	[mar]|co
março	nome masculino	[mar]|ço
marco de Colónia	nome masculino	[mar]|co de Co|ló|ni|a
marco de Colônia	nome masculino	[mar]|co de Co|lô|ni|a
marco-branco	nome masculino	mar|co-bran|co
marco-velho	nome masculino	mar|co-ve|lho
marcofilia	nome feminino	mar|co|fi|[li]|a
marcomana	nome feminino	mar|co|[ma]|na
marcomânico	adjetivo	mar|co|[mâ]|ni|co
marcomano	adjetivo	mar|co|[ma]|no
marcomano	nome masculino	mar|co|[ma]|no
marconigrama	nome masculino	mar|co|ni|[gra]|ma
marcuense	nome masculino	mar|cu|[en]|se
marcuense	adjetivo	mar|cu|[en]|se
marcuense	nome feminino	mar|cu|[en]|se
mardo	adjetivo	[mar]|do
mardo	nome masculino	[mar]|do
maré	nome feminino	ma|[ré]
maré-cheia	nome feminino	ma|ré-chei|a
mareação	nome feminino	ma|re|a|[ção]
mareado	adjetivo	ma|re|[a]|do
mareagem	nome feminino	ma|re|[a]|gem
mareamento	nome masculino	ma|re|a|[men]|to
mareante	nome masculino	ma|re|[an]|te
mareante	adjetivo	ma|re|[an]|te
mareante	nome feminino	ma|re|[an]|te
marear	verbo	ma|re|[ar]
marechal	nome masculino	ma|re|[chal]
marechala	nome feminino	ma|re|[cha]|la
marechalado	nome masculino	ma|re|cha|[la]|do
