marinhão	adjetivo	ma|ri|[nhão]
marinhão	nome masculino	ma|ri|[nhão]
marinhar	verbo	ma|ri|[nhar]
marinharesco	adjetivo	ma|ri|nha|[res]|co
marinharia	nome feminino	ma|ri|nha|[ri]|a
marinhaticamente	advérbio	ma|ri|nha|ti|ca|[men]|te
marinhático	adjetivo	ma|ri|[nhá]|ti|co
marinheira	nome feminino	ma|ri|[nhei]|ra
marinheirada	nome feminino	ma|ri|nhei|[ra]|da
marinheirar	verbo	ma|ri|nhei|[rar]
marinheiraria	nome feminino	ma|ri|nhei|ra|[ri]|a
marinheiresco	adjetivo	ma|ri|nhei|[res]|co
marinheiro	nome masculino	ma|ri|[nhei]|ro
marinheiro	adjetivo	ma|ri|[nhei]|ro
marinhense	adjetivo	ma|ri|[nhen]|se
marinhense	nome masculino	ma|ri|[nhen]|se
marinhense	nome feminino	ma|ri|[nhen]|se
marinhesco	adjetivo	ma|ri|[nhes]|co
marinhista	nome masculino	ma|ri|[nhis]|ta
marinhista	nome feminino	ma|ri|[nhis]|ta
marinho	nome masculino	ma|[ri]|nho
marinho	adjetivo	ma|[ri]|nho
marinho-branco	nome masculino	ma|ri|nho-bran|co
marinhota	nome feminino	ma|ri|[nho]|ta
marinhoto	nome masculino	ma|ri|[nho]|to
marinhoto	adjetivo	ma|ri|[nho]|to
marinismo	nome masculino	ma|ri|[nis]|mo
marinista	nome masculino	ma|ri|[nis]|ta
marinista	nome feminino	ma|ri|[nis]|ta
marino	adjetivo	ma|[ri]|no
mariode	adjetivo	ma|ri|[o]|de
marioila	nome feminino	ma|ri|[oi]|la
mariola	adjetivo	ma|ri|[o]|la
mariola	nome masculino	ma|ri|[o]|la
mariola	nome feminino	ma|ri|[o]|la
mariolada	nome feminino	ma|ri|o|[la]|da
mariolagem	nome feminino	ma|ri|o|[la]|gem
mariolão	adjetivo	ma|ri|o|[lão]
mariolão	nome masculino	ma|ri|o|[lão]
mariolar	verbo	ma|ri|o|[lar]
mariólatra	adjetivo	ma|ri|[ó]|la|tra
mariólatra	nome masculino	ma|ri|[ó]|la|tra
mariólatra	nome feminino	ma|ri|[ó]|la|tra
mariolatria	nome feminino	ma|ri|o|la|[tri]|a
mariolátrico	adjetivo	ma|ri|o|[lá]|tri|co
mariolice	nome feminino	ma|ri|o|[li]|ce
mariologia	nome feminino	ma|ri|o|lo|[gi]|a
mariológico	adjetivo	ma|ri|o|[ló]|gi|co
mariólogo	nome masculino	ma|ri|[ó]|lo|go
mariolona	nome feminino	ma|ri|o|[lo]|na
marioneta	nome feminino	ma|ri|o|[ne]|ta
marionete	nome feminino	ma|ri|o|[ne]|te
marionetista	nome masculino	ma|ri|o|ne|[tis]|ta
marionetista	nome feminino	ma|ri|o|ne|[tis]|ta
maripa	nome feminino	ma|[ri]|pa
mariposa	nome feminino	ma|ri|[po]|sa
mariposear	verbo	ma|ri|po|se|[ar]
mariquice	nome feminino	ma|ri|[qui]|ce
mariquinhas	adjetivo	ma|ri|[qui]|nhas
mariquinhas	nome masculino	ma|ri|[qui]|nhas
mariquinhas	nome feminino	ma|ri|[qui]|nhas
mariquita	nome feminino	ma|ri|[qui]|ta
maririçó	nome masculino	ma|ri|ri|[çó]
marisca	nome feminino	ma|[ris]|ca
mariscada	nome feminino	ma|ris|[ca]|da
mariscador	nome masculino	ma|ris|ca|[dor]
mariscador	adjetivo	ma|ris|ca|[dor]
mariscal	nome masculino	ma|ris|[cal]
mariscar	verbo	ma|ris|[car]
marisco	nome masculino	ma|[ris]|co
marisma	nome feminino	ma|[ris]|ma
marisqueira	nome feminino	ma|ris|[quei]|ra
marisqueiro	nome masculino	ma|ris|[quei]|ro
marisqueiro	adjetivo	ma|ris|[quei]|ro
marisquinha	nome feminino	ma|ris|[qui]|nha
marista	adjetivo	ma|[ris]|ta
marista	nome masculino	ma|[ris]|ta
marista	nome feminino	ma|[ris]|ta
maritabilidade	nome feminino	ma|ri|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
maritaca	nome feminino	ma|ri|[ta]|ca
maritacaca	nome feminino	ma|ri|ta|[ca]|ca
maritágio	nome masculino	ma|ri|[tá]|gi|o
marital	adjetivo	ma|ri|[tal]
maritalmente	advérbio	ma|ri|tal|[men]|te
maritável	adjetivo	ma|ri|[tá]|vel
mariticida	nome feminino	ma|ri|ti|[ci]|da
mariticida	adjetivo	ma|ri|ti|[ci]|da
mariticídio	nome masculino	ma|ri|ti|[cí]|di|o
marítima	nome feminino	ma|[rí]|ti|ma
maritimista	nome feminino	ma|ri|ti|[mis]|ta
maritimista	adjetivo	ma|ri|ti|[mis]|ta
maritimista	nome masculino	ma|ri|ti|[mis]|ta
marítimo	adjetivo	ma|[rí]|ti|mo
marítimo	nome masculino	ma|[rí]|ti|mo
marketing	nome masculino	[mar]|ke|ting
marlota	nome feminino	mar|[lo]|ta
marlotar	verbo	mar|lo|[tar]
marma	nome feminino	[mar]|ma
marmaço	adjetivo	mar|[ma]|ço
marmajuda	nome feminino	mar|ma|[ju]|da
