marmanja	nome feminino	mar|[man]|ja
marmanjada	nome feminino	mar|man|[ja]|da
marmanjão	nome masculino	mar|man|[jão]
marmanjaria	nome feminino	mar|man|ja|[ri]|a
marmanjo	nome masculino	mar|[man]|jo
marmanjola	nome masculino	mar|man|[jo]|la
marmanjona	nome feminino	mar|man|[jo]|na
marmar	verbo	mar|[mar]
marmárico	adjetivo	mar|[má]|ri|co
marmárida	adjetivo	mar|[má]|ri|da
marmárida	nome masculino	mar|[má]|ri|da
marmárida	nome feminino	mar|[má]|ri|da
marmela	nome feminino	mar|[me]|la
marmelada	nome feminino	mar|me|[la]|da
marmeladeira	nome feminino	mar|me|la|[dei]|ra
marmeladinha	nome feminino	mar|me|la|[di]|nha
marmeleiro	nome masculino	mar|me|[lei]|ro
marmelo	nome masculino	mar|[me]|lo
marmita	nome feminino	mar|[mi]|ta
marmita de gigante	nome feminino	mar|[mi]|ta de gi|gan|te
mármor	nome masculino	[már]|mor
marmorária	nome feminino	mar|mo|[rá]|ri|a
marmorário	nome masculino	mar|mo|[rá]|ri|o
marmorário	adjetivo	mar|mo|[rá]|ri|o
mármore	nome masculino	[már]|mo|re
marmoreação	nome feminino	mar|mo|re|a|[ção]
marmoreado	adjetivo	mar|mo|re|[a]|do
marmorear	verbo	mar|mo|re|[ar]
marmoreira	nome feminino	mar|mo|[rei]|ra
marmoreiro	nome masculino	mar|mo|[rei]|ro
marmóreo	adjetivo	mar|[mó]|re|o
marmórico	adjetivo	mar|[mó]|ri|co
marmoriforme	adjetivo	mar|mo|ri|[for]|me
marmorista	nome masculino	mar|mo|[ris]|ta
marmorista	nome feminino	mar|mo|[ris]|ta
marmorite	nome feminino	mar|mo|[ri]|te
marmorização	nome feminino	mar|mo|ri|za|[ção]
marmorizado	adjetivo	mar|mo|ri|[za]|do
marmorizar	verbo	mar|mo|ri|[zar]
marmoroso	adjetivo	mar|mo|[ro]|so
marmota	nome feminino	mar|[mo]|ta
marmoto	nome masculino	mar|[mo]|to
marmulano	nome masculino	mar|mu|[la]|no
marna	nome feminino	[mar]|na
marneco	nome masculino	mar|[ne]|co
marnel	nome masculino	mar|[nel]
marnetado	adjetivo	mar|ne|[ta]|do
marnete	nome masculino	mar|[ne]|te
marnoceiro	nome masculino	mar|no|[cei]|ro
marnota	nome feminino	mar|[no]|ta
marnotagem	nome feminino	mar|no|[ta]|gem
marnotal	adjetivo	mar|no|[tal]
marnoteira	nome feminino	mar|no|[tei]|ra
marnoteiro	nome masculino	mar|no|[tei]|ro
marnoto	nome masculino	mar|[no]|to
maro	nome masculino	[ma]|ro
maroiço	nome masculino	ma|[roi]|ço
marola	nome feminino	ma|[ro]|la
marolinho	nome masculino	ma|ro|[li]|nho
marom	nome masculino	[ma]|rom
maroma	nome feminino	ma|[ro]|ma
maromaque	nome masculino	ma|ro|[ma]|que
maromba	nome feminino	ma|[rom]|ba
marombado	adjetivo	ma|rom|[ba]|do
marombagem	nome feminino	ma|rom|[ba]|gem
marombar	verbo	ma|rom|[bar]
marombeiro	adjetivo	ma|rom|[bei]|ro
marona	nome feminino	ma|[ro]|na
maronês	adjetivo	ma|ro|[nês]
maroneu	adjetivo	ma|ro|[neu]
maroneu	nome masculino	ma|ro|[neu]
maronita	adjetivo	ma|ro|[ni]|ta
maronita	nome masculino	ma|ro|[ni]|ta
maronita	nome feminino	ma|ro|[ni]|ta
marosca	nome feminino	ma|[ros]|ca
marota	nome feminino	ma|[ro]|ta
marotagem	nome feminino	ma|ro|[ta]|gem
marotear	verbo	ma|ro|te|[ar]
maroteira	nome feminino	ma|ro|[tei]|ra
marotice	nome feminino	ma|ro|[ti]|ce
marotinho	nome masculino	ma|ro|[ti]|nho
maroto	adjetivo	ma|[ro]|to
maroto	nome masculino	ma|[ro]|to
marouço	nome masculino	ma|[rou]|ço
marouco	nome masculino	ma|[rou]|co
maroufa	nome feminino	ma|[rou]|fa
marouva	nome feminino	ma|[rou]|va
marouval	nome masculino	ma|rou|[val]
marouvaz	nome masculino	ma|rou|[vaz]
marpéssio	adjetivo	mar|[pés]|si|o
marpéssio	nome masculino	mar|[pés]|si|o
marquense	adjetivo	mar|[quen]|se
marquense	nome masculino	mar|[quen]|se
marquense	nome feminino	mar|[quen]|se
marquês	nome masculino	mar|[quês]
marquesa	nome feminino	mar|[que]|sa
marquesa	adjetivo	mar|[que]|sa
marquesado	nome masculino	mar|que|[sa]|do
marquesal	adjetivo	mar|que|[sal]
marquesinha	nome feminino	mar|que|[si]|nha
