massambará	nome feminino	mas|sam|ba|[rá]
massame	nome masculino	mas|[sa]|me
massamorda	nome feminino	mas|sa|[mor]|da
massangano	nome masculino	mas|san|[ga]|no
massango	nome masculino	mas|[san]|go
massapão	nome masculino	mas|sa|[pão]
massapé	nome masculino	mas|sa|[pé]
massapê	nome masculino	mas|sa|[pê]
massaroca	nome feminino	mas|sa|[ro]|ca
massaroco	nome masculino	mas|sa|[ro]|co
massarongo	adjetivo	mas|sa|[ron]|go
massarongo	nome masculino	mas|sa|[ron]|go
masse	nome masculino	[mas]|se
masseira	nome feminino	mas|[sei]|ra
masseirão	nome masculino	mas|sei|[rão]
massengane	nome masculino	mas|sen|[ga]|ne
massesilo	adjetivo	mas|se|[si]|lo
massesilo	nome masculino	mas|se|[si]|lo
massesse	nome masculino	mas|[ses]|se
masséter	nome masculino	mas|[sé]|ter
massetérico	adjetivo	mas|se|[té]|ri|co
masseterino	adjetivo	mas|se|te|[ri]|no
masseve	nome masculino	mas|[se]|ve
masseve	nome feminino	mas|[se]|ve
mássico	adjetivo	[más]|si|co
mássico	nome masculino	[más]|si|co
massicote	nome masculino	mas|si|[co]|te
massieno	adjetivo	mas|si|[e]|no
massieno	nome masculino	mas|si|[e]|no
massificação	nome feminino	mas|si|fi|ca|[ção]
massificado	adjetivo	mas|si|fi|[ca]|do
massificador	adjetivo	mas|si|fi|ca|[dor]
massificar	verbo	mas|si|fi|[car]
massilha	nome feminino	mas|[si]|lha
massiliense	nome masculino	mas|si|li|[en]|se
massiliense	adjetivo	mas|si|li|[en]|se
massiliense	nome feminino	mas|si|li|[en]|se
massilo	adjetivo	mas|[si]|lo
massilo	nome masculino	mas|[si]|lo
massinguita	nome feminino	mas|sin|[gui]|ta
massinha	nome feminino	mas|[si]|nha
massiquine	nome masculino	mas|si|[qui]|ne
massivamente	advérbio	mas|si|va|[men]|te
massivo	adjetivo	mas|[si]|vo
massoca	nome feminino	mas|[so]|ca
massorá	nome feminino	mas|so|[rá]
massoreta	nome masculino	mas|so|[re]|ta
massorético	adjetivo	mas|so|[ré]|ti|co
massoterapia	nome feminino	mas|so|te|ra|[pi]|a
massoterápico	adjetivo	mas|so|te|[rá]|pi|co
massuca	nome feminino	mas|[su]|ca
massucas	nome feminino	mas|[su]|cas
massuco	nome masculino	mas|[su]|co
massudo	adjetivo	mas|[su]|do
massuícas	nome feminino	mas|su|[í]|cas
massulipatão	nome masculino	mas|su|li|pa|[tão]
mastaba	nome feminino	mas|[ta]|ba
mastalgia	nome feminino	mas|tal|[gi]|a
mastaréu	nome masculino	mas|ta|[réu]
mastaurense	nome masculino	mas|tau|[ren]|se
mastaurense	adjetivo	mas|tau|[ren]|se
mastaurense	nome feminino	mas|tau|[ren]|se
masteação	nome feminino	mas|te|a|[ção]
mastear	verbo	mas|te|[ar]
mastectomia	nome feminino	mas|tec|to|[mi]|a
mastectômico	adjetivo	mas|tec|[tô]|mi|co
mastectómico	adjetivo	mas|tec|[tó]|mi|co
máster	nome masculino	[más]|ter
máster	adjetivo	[más]|ter
master	nome masculino	mas|[ter]
masterização	nome feminino	mas|te|ri|za|[ção]
masterizar	verbo	mas|te|ri|[zar]
masters	nome masculino	[mas]|ters
mástica	nome feminino	[más]|ti|ca
masticatório	adjetivo	mas|ti|ca|[tó]|ri|o
masticatório	nome masculino	mas|ti|ca|[tó]|ri|o
mastigação	nome feminino	mas|ti|ga|[ção]
mastigada	nome feminino	mas|ti|[ga]|da
mastigado	adjetivo	mas|ti|[ga]|do
mastigado	nome masculino	mas|ti|[ga]|do
mastigadoiro	nome masculino	mas|ti|ga|[doi]|ro
mastigador	adjetivo	mas|ti|ga|[dor]
mastigador	nome masculino	mas|ti|ga|[dor]
mastigadora	nome feminino	mas|ti|ga|[do]|ra
mastigadouro	nome masculino	mas|ti|ga|[dou]|ro
mastigar	verbo	mas|ti|[gar]
mastigatório	adjetivo	mas|ti|ga|[tó]|ri|o
mastigatório	nome masculino	mas|ti|ga|[tó]|ri|o
mastigável	adjetivo	mas|ti|[gá]|vel
mastigo	nome masculino	mas|[ti]|go
mastigócero	nome masculino	mas|ti|[gó]|ce|ro
mastigóforo	nome masculino	mas|ti|[gó]|fo|ro
mastigópode	nome masculino	mas|ti|[gó]|po|de
mastil	nome masculino	mas|[til]
mastim	nome masculino	mas|[tim]
mástique	nome feminino	[más]|ti|que
mastite	nome feminino	mas|[ti]|te
masto	nome masculino	[mas]|to
mastócito	nome masculino	mas|[tó]|ci|to
mastodinia	nome feminino	mas|to|di|[ni]|a
