maumetano	nome masculino	mau|me|[ta]|no
maunça	nome feminino	ma|[un]|ça
maundo	nome masculino	ma|[un]|do
maurá	nome masculino	mau|[rá]
maurário	adjetivo	mau|[rá]|ri|o
mauresco	adjetivo	mau|[res]|co
mauriano	adjetivo	mau|ri|[a]|no
maurícia	nome feminino	mau|[rí]|ci|a
mauriciana	nome feminino	mau|ri|ci|[a]|na
mauriciano	adjetivo	mau|ri|ci|[a]|no
mauriciano	nome masculino	mau|ri|ci|[a]|no
mauriense	adjetivo	mau|ri|[en]|se
maurino	adjetivo	mau|[ri]|no
mauritana	nome feminino	mau|ri|[ta]|na
mauritânia	nome feminino	mau|ri|[tâ]|ni|a
mauritano	nome masculino	mau|ri|[ta]|no
mauritano	adjetivo	mau|ri|[ta]|no
mauro	adjetivo	[mau]|ro
mauro	nome masculino	[mau]|ro
maurrasismo	nome masculino	ma|ur|ra|[sis]|mo
maurúsio	adjetivo	mau|[rú]|si|o
maurúsio	nome masculino	mau|[rú]|si|o
mausóleo	adjetivo	mau|[só]|le|o
mausoléu	nome masculino	mau|so|[léu]
mauzão	nome masculino	mau|[zão]
mauzão	adjetivo	mau|[zão]
mauzinho	adjetivo	mau|[zi]|nho
maviosamente	advérbio	ma|vi|o|sa|[men]|te
maviosidade	nome feminino	ma|vi|o|si|[da]|de
mavioso	adjetivo	ma|vi|[o]|so
mavique	nome feminino	ma|[vi]|que
mavórcio	adjetivo	ma|[vór]|ci|o
mavorcismo	nome masculino	ma|vor|[cis]|mo
mavórtico	adjetivo	ma|[vór]|ti|co
mavortismo	nome masculino	ma|vor|[tis]|mo
mavua	nome feminino	ma|[vu]|a
maxaca	nome masculino	ma|[xa]|ca
maxacali	nome feminino	ma|xa|ca|[li]
maxacali	nome masculino	ma|xa|ca|[li]
maxacali	adjetivo	ma|xa|ca|[li]
maxacaté	adjetivo	ma|xa|ca|[té]
maxacaté	nome masculino	ma|xa|ca|[té]
maxacaté	nome feminino	ma|xa|ca|[té]
maxamba	nome feminino	ma|[xam]|ba
maxambomba	nome feminino	ma|xam|[bom]|ba
maxana	nome feminino	ma|[xa]|na
maxanana	nome feminino	ma|xa|[na]|na
maxangana	adjetivo	ma|xan|[ga]|na
maxangana	nome masculino	ma|xan|[ga]|na
maxangana	nome feminino	ma|xan|[ga]|na
maxaxa	nome feminino	ma|[xa]|xa
maxibua	nome feminino	ma|xi|[bu]|a
maxicote	nome masculino	ma|xi|[co]|te
maxila	nome feminino	ma|[xi]|la
maxilar	nome masculino	ma|xi|[lar]
maxilar	adjetivo	ma|xi|[lar]
maxilária	nome feminino	ma|xi|[lá]|ri|a
maxiliforme	adjetivo	ma|xi|li|[for]|me
maxilípede	nome masculino	ma|xi|[lí]|pe|de
maxilite	nome feminino	ma|xi|[li]|te
maxilodental	adjetivo	ma|xi|lo|den|[tal]
maxilodentário	adjetivo	ma|xi|lo|den|[tá]|ri|o
maxilolabial	adjetivo	ma|xi|lo|la|bi|[al]
maxilomuscular	adjetivo	ma|xi|lo|mus|cu|[lar]
maxiloso	adjetivo	ma|xi|[lo]|so
maxim	nome masculino	ma|[xim]
máxima	nome feminino	[má]|xi|ma
maximal	adjetivo	ma|xi|[mal]
maximalismo	nome masculino	ma|xi|ma|[lis]|mo
maximalista	adjetivo	ma|xi|ma|[lis]|ta
maximalista	nome masculino	ma|xi|ma|[lis]|ta
maximalista	nome feminino	ma|xi|ma|[lis]|ta
maximalizar	verbo	ma|xi|ma|li|[zar]
maximamente	advérbio	ma|xi|ma|[men]|te
maximário	nome masculino	ma|xi|[má]|ri|o
maximbombo	nome masculino	ma|xim|[bom]|bo
máxime	advérbio	[má]|xi|me
maximização	nome feminino	ma|xi|mi|za|[ção]
maximizador	adjetivo	ma|xi|mi|za|[dor]
maximizador	nome masculino	ma|xi|mi|za|[dor]
maximizante	adjetivo	ma|xi|mi|[zan]|te
maximizar	verbo	ma|xi|mi|[zar]
maximizável	adjetivo	ma|xi|mi|[zá]|vel
máximo	adjetivo	[má]|xi|mo
máximo	nome masculino	[má]|xi|mo
maxipombo	nome masculino	ma|xi|[pom]|bo
maxissaia	nome feminino	ma|xis|[sai]|a
maxite	nome feminino	ma|[xi]|te
maxixada	nome feminino	ma|xi|[xa]|da
maxixal	nome masculino	ma|xi|[xal]
maxixar	verbo	ma|xi|[xar]
maxixe	nome masculino	ma|[xi]|xe
maxixeira	nome feminino	ma|xi|[xei]|ra
maxixeiro	adjetivo	ma|xi|[xei]|ro
maxixeiro	nome masculino	ma|xi|[xei]|ro
maxixi	nome masculino	ma|xi|[xi]
maxíxia	nome masculino	ma|[xí]|xi|a
maxocololo	nome masculino	ma|xo|co|[lo]|lo
maxwell	nome masculino	[max]|well
maynardina	nome feminino	ma|y|nar|[di]|na
