mercável	adjetivo	mer|[cá]|vel
merce	nome feminino	[mer]|ce
mercê	nome feminino	mer|[cê]
merceano	nome masculino	mer|ce|[a]|no
mercear	verbo	mer|ce|[ar]
mercearia	nome feminino	mer|ce|a|[ri]|a
mercedes	interjeição	mer|[ce]|des
merceeira	nome feminino	mer|ce|[ei]|ra
merceeiro	nome masculino	mer|ce|[ei]|ro
mercenária	nome feminino	mer|ce|[ná]|ri|a
mercenariamente	advérbio	mer|ce|na|ri|a|[men]|te
mercenário	nome masculino	mer|ce|[ná]|ri|o
mercenário	adjetivo	mer|ce|[ná]|ri|o
mercenarismo	nome masculino	mer|ce|na|[ris]|mo
merceologia	nome feminino	mer|ce|o|lo|[gi]|a
merceológico	adjetivo	mer|ce|o|[ló]|gi|co
merceologista	nome feminino	mer|ce|o|lo|[gis]|ta
merceologista	nome masculino	mer|ce|o|lo|[gis]|ta
merceólogo	nome masculino	mer|ce|[ó]|lo|go
mercerização	nome feminino	mer|ce|ri|za|[ção]
mercerizado	adjetivo	mer|ce|ri|[za]|do
mercerizar	verbo	mer|ce|ri|[zar]
merchandising	nome masculino	mer|chan|di|sing
mércia	nome feminino	[mér]|ci|a
mércio	adjetivo	[mér]|ci|o
mércio	nome masculino	[mér]|ci|o
mercurial	nome feminino	mer|cu|ri|[al]
mercurial	nome masculino	mer|cu|ri|[al]
mercurial	adjetivo	mer|cu|ri|[al]
mercurialina	nome feminino	mer|cu|ri|a|[li]|na
mercurialismo	nome masculino	mer|cu|ri|a|[lis]|mo
mercurialização	nome feminino	mer|cu|ri|a|li|za|[ção]
mercurializar	verbo	mer|cu|ri|a|li|[zar]
mercuriano	adjetivo	mer|cu|ri|[a]|no
mercúrico	adjetivo	mer|[cú]|ri|co
mercurífero	adjetivo	mer|cu|[rí]|fe|ro
mercurificação	nome feminino	mer|cu|ri|fi|ca|[ção]
mercúrio	nome masculino	mer|[cú]|ri|o
mercurioso	adjetivo	mer|cu|ri|[o]|so
mercurioterapia	nome feminino	mer|cu|ri|o|te|ra|[pi]|a
mercurioterápico	adjetivo	mer|cu|ri|o|te|[rá]|pi|co
mercurocromo	nome masculino	mer|cu|ro|[cro]|mo
mercuroso	adjetivo	mer|cu|[ro]|so
merda	nome masculino	[mer]|da
merda	nome feminino	[mer]|da
merdalha	nome feminino	mer|[da]|lha
merdeiro	adjetivo	mer|[dei]|ro
merdice	nome feminino	mer|[di]|ce
merdícola	adjetivo	mer|[dí]|co|la
merdígero	adjetivo	mer|[dí]|ge|ro
merdilheiro	nome masculino	mer|di|[lhei]|ro
merdívoro	adjetivo	mer|[dí]|vo|ro
merdosa	nome feminino	mer|[do]|sa
merdoso	adjetivo	mer|[do]|so
merdoso	nome masculino	mer|[do]|so
merecedor	adjetivo	me|re|ce|[dor]
merecer	verbo	me|re|[cer]
merecidamente	advérbio	me|re|ci|da|[men]|te
merecido	adjetivo	me|re|[ci]|do
merecimento	nome masculino	me|re|ci|[men]|to
merencoriamente	advérbio	me|ren|co|ri|a|[men]|te
merencório	adjetivo	me|ren|[có]|ri|o
merenda	nome feminino	me|[ren]|da
merendar	verbo	me|ren|[dar]
merendeira	nome feminino	me|ren|[dei]|ra
merendeiro	nome masculino	me|ren|[dei]|ro
merendeiro	adjetivo	me|ren|[dei]|ro
merendiba	nome feminino	me|ren|[di]|ba
merendico	nome masculino	me|ren|[di]|co
merendola	nome feminino	me|ren|[do]|la
merendona	nome feminino	me|ren|[do]|na
merengue	nome masculino	me|[ren]|gue
merênquima	nome masculino	me|[rên]|qui|ma
meretrice	nome feminino	me|re|[tri]|ce
meretrício	adjetivo	me|re|[trí]|ci|o
meretrício	nome masculino	me|re|[trí]|ci|o
meretrícula	nome feminino	me|re|[trí]|cu|la
meretriz	nome feminino	me|re|[triz]
merganso	nome masculino	mer|[gan]|so
mergulha	nome feminino	mer|[gu]|lha
mergulhador	nome masculino	mer|gu|lha|[dor]
mergulhador	adjetivo	mer|gu|lha|[dor]
mergulhadora	nome feminino	mer|gu|lha|[do]|ra
mergulhante	adjetivo	mer|gu|[lhan]|te
mergulhão	nome masculino	mer|gu|[lhão]
mergulhar	verbo	mer|gu|[lhar]
mergulhável	adjetivo	mer|gu|[lhá]|vel
mergulhia	nome feminino	mer|gu|[lhi]|a
mergulho	nome masculino	mer|[gu]|lho
mericarpo	nome masculino	me|ri|[car]|po
merícico	adjetivo	me|[rí]|ci|co
mericismo	nome masculino	me|ri|[cis]|mo
mericologia	nome feminino	me|ri|co|lo|[gi]|a
mericológico	adjetivo	me|ri|co|[ló]|gi|co
meridense	adjetivo	me|ri|[den]|se
meridense	nome masculino	me|ri|[den]|se
meridense	nome feminino	me|ri|[den]|se
meridiana	nome feminino	me|ri|di|[a]|na
meridiano	nome masculino	me|ri|di|[a]|no
meridiano	adjetivo	me|ri|di|[a]|no
