mesodo	nome masculino	me|[so]|do
mesoeconomia	nome feminino	me|so|e|co|no|[mi]|a
mesofalange	nome feminino	me|so|fa|[lan]|ge
mesofalangeal	adjetivo	me|so|fa|lan|ge|[al]
mesofilo	nome masculino	me|so|[fi]|lo
mesófito	nome masculino	me|[só]|fi|to
mesofragma	nome masculino	me|so|[frag]|ma
mesófrio	nome masculino	me|[só]|fri|o
mesogástrico	adjetivo	me|so|[gás]|tri|co
mesogástrio	nome masculino	me|so|[gás]|tri|o
mesogastro	nome masculino	me|so|[gas]|tro
mesogleia	nome feminino	me|so|[glei]|a
mesoglosso	adjetivo	me|so|[glos]|so
mesojurássico	adjetivo	me|so|ju|[rás]|si|co
mesolábio	nome masculino	me|so|[lá]|bi|o
mesolítico	adjetivo	me|so|[lí]|ti|co
mesólito	nome masculino	me|[só]|li|to
mesolóbulo	nome masculino	me|so|[ló]|bu|lo
mesologia	nome feminino	me|so|lo|[gi]|a
mesologicamente	advérbio	me|so|lo|gi|ca|[men]|te
mesológico	adjetivo	me|so|[ló]|gi|co
mesômacro	nome masculino	me|[sô]|ma|cro
mesómacro	nome masculino	me|[só]|ma|cro
mesomeria	nome feminino	me|so|me|[ri]|a
mesomérico	adjetivo	me|so|[mé]|ri|co
mesômero	nome masculino	me|[sô]|me|ro
mesómero	nome masculino	me|[só]|me|ro
mesométrio	nome masculino	me|so|[mé]|tri|o
mesomórfico	adjetivo	me|so|[mór]|fi|co
mesomorfismo	nome masculino	me|so|mor|[fis]|mo
mesomorfo	adjetivo	me|so|[mor]|fo
mesomorfose	nome feminino	me|so|mor|[fo]|se
mesónefro	nome masculino	me|[só]|ne|fro
mesonefro	nome masculino	me|so|[ne]|fro
mesônefro	nome masculino	me|[sô]|ne|fro
mesopausa	nome feminino	me|so|[pau]|sa
mesopiteco	nome masculino	me|so|pi|[te]|co
mesopotâmia	nome feminino	me|so|po|[tâ]|mi|a
mesopotâmico	adjetivo	me|so|po|[tâ]|mi|co
mesopotâmio	adjetivo	me|so|po|[tâ]|mi|o
mesopotâmio	nome masculino	me|so|po|[tâ]|mi|o
mesórquio	nome masculino	me|[sór]|qui|o
mesorrecto	nome masculino	me|sor|[rec]|to
mesorreto	nome masculino	me|sor|[re]|to
mesorrinia	nome feminino	me|sor|ri|[ni]|a
mesorrino	adjetivo	me|sor|[ri]|no
mesosfera	nome feminino	me|sos|[fe]|ra
mesosférico	adjetivo	me|sos|[fé]|ri|co
mesospermo	nome masculino	me|sos|[per]|mo
mesossemo	adjetivo	me|sos|[se]|mo
mesossistólico	adjetivo	me|sos|sis|[tó]|li|co
mesosternal	adjetivo	me|sos|ter|[nal]
mesosterno	nome masculino	me|sos|[ter]|no
mesotélio	nome masculino	me|so|[té]|li|o
mesotelioma	nome masculino	me|so|te|li|[o]|ma
mesotenar	nome masculino	me|so|te|[nar]
mesoterapia	nome feminino	me|so|te|ra|[pi]|a
mesoterápico	adjetivo	me|so|te|[rá]|pi|co
mesotério	nome masculino	me|so|[té]|ri|o
mesotérmico	adjetivo	me|so|[tér]|mi|co
mesotimpânico	nome masculino	me|so|tim|[pâ]|ni|co
mesotorácico	adjetivo	me|so|to|[rá]|ci|co
mesotórax	nome masculino	me|so|[tó]|rax
mesotrófico	adjetivo	me|so|[tró]|fi|co
mesozeugma	nome masculino	me|so|[zeug]|ma
mesozoário	nome masculino	me|so|zo|[á]|ri|o
mesozoico	adjetivo	me|so|[zoi]|co
mesozona	nome feminino	me|so|[zo]|na
mesquinha	nome feminino	mes|[qui]|nha
mesquinhamente	advérbio	mes|qui|nha|[men]|te
mesquinhar	verbo	mes|qui|[nhar]
mesquinharia	nome feminino	mes|qui|nha|[ri]|a
mesquinhez	nome feminino	mes|qui|[nhez]
mesquinheza	nome feminino	mes|qui|[nhe]|za
mesquinhice	nome feminino	mes|qui|[nhi]|ce
mesquinho	nome masculino	mes|[qui]|nho
mesquinho	adjetivo	mes|[qui]|nho
mesquita	nome feminino	mes|[qui]|ta
mesquitense	adjetivo	mes|qui|[ten]|se
mesquitense	nome masculino	mes|qui|[ten]|se
mesquitense	nome feminino	mes|qui|[ten]|se
messa	nome feminino	[mes]|sa
messalina	nome feminino	mes|sa|[li]|na
messalínico	adjetivo	mes|sa|[lí]|ni|co
messanense	nome masculino	mes|sa|[nen]|se
messanense	adjetivo	mes|sa|[nen]|se
messanense	nome feminino	mes|sa|[nen]|se
messápico	adjetivo	mes|[sá]|pi|co
messápico	nome masculino	mes|[sá]|pi|co
messápio	nome masculino	mes|[sá]|pi|o
messápio	adjetivo	mes|[sá]|pi|o
messar	verbo	mes|[sar]
messassa	nome feminino	mes|[sas]|sa
messé	nome masculino	mes|[sé]
messe	nome feminino	[mes]|se
messene	nome masculino	mes|[se]|ne
messénico	adjetivo	mes|[sé]|ni|co
messénico	nome masculino	mes|[sé]|ni|co
messênico	adjetivo	mes|[sê]|ni|co
messênico	nome masculino	mes|[sê]|ni|co
