metáfise	nome feminino	me|[tá]|fi|se
metafísica	nome feminino	me|ta|[fí]|si|ca
metafisicamente	advérbio	me|ta|fi|si|ca|[men]|te
metafisicar	verbo	me|ta|fi|si|[car]
metafisicismo	nome masculino	me|ta|fi|si|[cis]|mo
metafísico	nome masculino	me|ta|[fí]|si|co
metafísico	adjetivo	me|ta|[fí]|si|co
metafloema	nome masculino	me|ta|flo|[e]|ma
metafonia	nome feminino	me|ta|fo|[ni]|a
metafonicamente	advérbio	me|ta|fo|ni|ca|[men]|te
metafônico	adjetivo	me|ta|[fô]|ni|co
metafónico	adjetivo	me|ta|[fó]|ni|co
metáfora	nome feminino	me|[tá]|fo|ra
metaforicamente	advérbio	me|ta|fo|ri|ca|[men]|te
metafórico	adjetivo	me|ta|[fó]|ri|co
metaforismo	nome masculino	me|ta|fo|[ris]|mo
metaforista	nome feminino	me|ta|fo|[ris]|ta
metaforista	nome masculino	me|ta|fo|[ris]|ta
metaforizar	verbo	me|ta|fo|ri|[zar]
metafosfato	nome masculino	me|ta|fos|[fa]|to
metafosfórico	adjetivo	me|ta|fos|[fó]|ri|co
metafragma	nome masculino	me|ta|[frag]|ma
metafragmático	adjetivo	me|ta|frag|[má]|ti|co
metáfrase	nome feminino	me|[tá]|fra|se
metafrasta	nome masculino	me|ta|[fras]|ta
metafrasta	nome feminino	me|ta|[fras]|ta
metafrástico	adjetivo	me|ta|[frás]|ti|co
metagaláctico	adjetivo	me|ta|ga|[lác]|ti|co
metagalato	nome masculino	me|ta|ga|[la]|to
metagaláxia	nome feminino	me|ta|ga|[lá]|xi|a
metagálico	adjetivo	me|ta|[gá]|li|co
metagênese	nome feminino	me|ta|[gê]|ne|se
metagénese	nome feminino	me|ta|[gé]|ne|se
metagenético	adjetivo	me|ta|ge|[né]|ti|co
metageometria	nome feminino	me|ta|ge|o|me|[tri]|a
metageométrico	adjetivo	me|ta|ge|o|[mé]|tri|co
metagoge	nome feminino	me|ta|[go]|ge
metagógico	adjetivo	me|ta|[gó]|gi|co
metagrafar	verbo	me|ta|gra|[far]
metagrama	nome masculino	me|ta|[gra]|ma
metal	nome masculino	me|[tal]
metalbumina	nome feminino	me|tal|bu|[mi]|na
metaldeído	nome masculino	me|tal|de|[í]|do
metaleiro	nome masculino	me|ta|[lei]|ro
metalepse	nome feminino	me|ta|[lep]|se
metalepsia	nome feminino	me|ta|lep|[si]|a
metaléptico	adjetivo	me|ta|[lép]|ti|co
metalescência	nome feminino	me|ta|les|[cên]|ci|a
metalescente	adjetivo	me|ta|les|[cen]|te
metalético	adjetivo	me|ta|[lé]|ti|co
metalicamente	advérbio	me|ta|li|ca|[men]|te
metalicidade	nome feminino	me|ta|li|ci|[da]|de
metálico	adjetivo	me|[tá]|li|co
metálico	nome masculino	me|[tá]|li|co
metalífero	adjetivo	me|ta|[lí]|fe|ro
metalificação	nome feminino	me|ta|li|fi|ca|[ção]
metaliforme	adjetivo	me|ta|li|[for]|me
metalinense	nome masculino	me|ta|li|[nen]|se
metalinense	adjetivo	me|ta|li|[nen]|se
metalinense	nome feminino	me|ta|li|[nen]|se
metalíngua	nome feminino	me|ta|[lín]|gua
metalinguagem	nome feminino	me|ta|lin|[gua]|gem
metalinguística	nome feminino	me|ta|lin|[guís]|ti|ca
metalinguístico	adjetivo	me|ta|lin|[guís]|ti|co
metalino	adjetivo	me|ta|[li]|no
metalismo	nome masculino	me|ta|[lis]|mo
metalista	nome masculino	me|ta|[lis]|ta
metalista	nome feminino	me|ta|[lis]|ta
metalização	nome feminino	me|ta|li|za|[ção]
metalizado	adjetivo	me|ta|li|[za]|do
metalizante	adjetivo	me|ta|li|[zan]|te
metalizar	verbo	me|ta|li|[zar]
metalizável	adjetivo	me|ta|li|[zá]|vel
metalocromia	nome feminino	me|ta|lo|cro|[mi]|a
metalocrômico	adjetivo	me|ta|lo|[crô]|mi|co
metalocrómico	adjetivo	me|ta|lo|[cró]|mi|co
metalocromista	nome masculino	me|ta|lo|cro|[mis]|ta
metalocromista	nome feminino	me|ta|lo|cro|[mis]|ta
metalofobia	nome feminino	me|ta|lo|fo|[bi]|a
metalófobo	adjetivo	me|ta|[ló]|fo|bo
metalófobo	nome masculino	me|ta|[ló]|fo|bo
metalogenia	nome feminino	me|ta|lo|ge|[ni]|a
metalogénico	adjetivo	me|ta|lo|[gé]|ni|co
metalogênico	adjetivo	me|ta|lo|[gê]|ni|co
metalógica	nome feminino	me|ta|[ló]|gi|ca
metalografia	nome feminino	me|ta|lo|gra|[fi]|a
metalográfico	adjetivo	me|ta|lo|[grá]|fi|co
metalógrafo	nome masculino	me|ta|[ló]|gra|fo
metaloide	adjetivo	me|ta|[loi]|de
metaloide	nome masculino	me|ta|[loi]|de
metalologia	nome feminino	me|ta|lo|lo|[gi]|a
metalológico	adjetivo	me|ta|lo|[ló]|gi|co
metalologista	nome masculino	me|ta|lo|lo|[gis]|ta
metalologista	nome feminino	me|ta|lo|lo|[gis]|ta
metalólogo	nome masculino	me|ta|[ló]|lo|go
metalomecânica	nome feminino	me|ta|lo|me|[câ]|ni|ca
metalomecânico	adjetivo	me|ta|lo|me|[câ]|ni|co
metalomecânico	nome masculino	me|ta|lo|me|[câ]|ni|co
metaloplastia	nome feminino	me|ta|lo|plas|[ti]|a
metaloplástico	adjetivo	me|ta|lo|[plás]|ti|co
