microbiano	adjetivo	mi|cro|bi|[a]|no
microbicida	nome masculino	mi|cro|bi|[ci]|da
microbicida	adjetivo	mi|cro|bi|[ci]|da
micróbico	adjetivo	mi|[cró]|bi|co
micróbio	nome masculino	mi|[cró]|bi|o
microbióloga	nome feminino	mi|cro|bi|[ó]|lo|ga
microbiologia	nome feminino	mi|cro|bi|o|lo|[gi]|a
microbiológico	adjetivo	mi|cro|bi|o|[ló]|gi|co
microbiologista	nome masculino	mi|cro|bi|o|lo|[gis]|ta
microbiologista	nome feminino	mi|cro|bi|o|lo|[gis]|ta
microbiólogo	nome masculino	mi|cro|bi|[ó]|lo|go
microbismo	nome masculino	mi|cro|[bis]|mo
microbista	nome masculino	mi|cro|[bis]|ta
microbista	nome feminino	mi|cro|[bis]|ta
microbjectiva	nome feminino	mi|crob|jec|[ti]|va
microbjetiva	nome feminino	mi|crob|je|[ti]|va
microcápsula	nome feminino	mi|cro|[cáp]|su|la
microcapsular	adjetivo	mi|cro|cap|su|[lar]
microcarpo	adjetivo	mi|cro|[car]|po
microcaulia	nome feminino	mi|cro|cau|[li]|a
microcéfala	nome feminino	mi|cro|[cé]|fa|la
microcefalia	nome feminino	mi|cro|ce|fa|[li]|a
microcefálico	adjetivo	mi|cro|ce|[fá]|li|co
microcéfalo	adjetivo	mi|cro|[cé]|fa|lo
microcéfalo	nome masculino	mi|cro|[cé]|fa|lo
microcentro	nome masculino	mi|cro|[cen]|tro
micrócero	adjetivo	mi|[cró]|ce|ro
microchip	nome masculino	mi|cro|chip
microcinematografia	nome feminino	mi|cro|ci|ne|ma|to|gra|[fi]|a
microcinematográfico	adjetivo	mi|cro|ci|ne|ma|to|[grá]|fi|co
microcinematógrafo	nome masculino	mi|cro|ci|ne|ma|[tó]|gra|fo
microcircuito	nome masculino	mi|cro|cir|[cui]|to
microcirculação	nome feminino	mi|cro|cir|cu|la|[ção]
microcirurgia	nome feminino	mi|cro|ci|rur|[gi]|a
microcirurgiã	nome feminino	mi|cro|ci|rur|gi|[ã]
microcirurgião	nome masculino	mi|cro|ci|rur|gi|[ão]
microcitemia	nome feminino	mi|cro|ci|te|[mi]|a
micrócito	nome masculino	mi|[cró]|ci|to
microclima	nome masculino	mi|cro|[cli]|ma
microclimático	adjetivo	mi|cro|cli|[má]|ti|co
microclina	nome feminino	mi|cro|[cli]|na
microclínio	nome masculino	mi|cro|[clí]|ni|o
micrococo	nome masculino	mi|cro|[co]|co
microcomputador	nome masculino	mi|cro|com|pu|ta|[dor]
microcontrolador	nome masculino	mi|cro|con|tro|la|[dor]
microcópia	nome feminino	mi|cro|[có]|pi|a
microcopiar	verbo	mi|cro|co|pi|[ar]
microcósmico	adjetivo	mi|cro|[cós]|mi|co
microcosmo	nome masculino	mi|cro|[cos]|mo
microcosmologia	nome feminino	mi|cro|cos|mo|lo|[gi]|a
microcosmológico	adjetivo	mi|cro|cos|mo|[ló]|gi|co
microcosmos	nome masculino	mi|cro|[cos]|mos
microcristalino	adjetivo	mi|cro|cris|ta|[li]|no
microcronómetro	nome masculino	mi|cro|cro|[nó]|me|tro
microcronômetro	nome masculino	mi|cro|cro|[nô]|me|tro
microcultura	nome feminino	mi|cro|cul|[tu]|ra
microdactilia	nome feminino	mi|cro|dac|ti|[li]|a
microdáctilo	adjetivo	mi|cro|[dác]|ti|lo
microdátilo	adjetivo	mi|cro|[dá]|ti|lo
microdensitometria	nome feminino	mi|cro|den|si|to|me|[tri]|a
microdensitométrico	adjetivo	mi|cro|den|si|to|[mé]|tri|co
microdicionário	nome masculino	mi|cro|di|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
microdiorito	nome masculino	mi|cro|di|o|[ri]|to
microdissecação	nome feminino	mi|cro|dis|se|ca|[ção]
microdonte	adjetivo	mi|cro|[don]|te
microdontismo	nome masculino	mi|cro|don|[tis]|mo
microdulia	nome feminino	mi|cro|du|[li]|a
microeconomia	nome feminino	mi|cro|e|co|no|[mi]|a
microeconómico	adjetivo	mi|cro|e|co|[nó]|mi|co
microeconômico	adjetivo	mi|cro|e|co|[nô]|mi|co
microelectrônica	nome feminino	mi|cro|e|lec|[trô]|ni|ca
microelemento	nome masculino	mi|cro|e|le|[men]|to
microeletrónica	nome feminino	mi|cro|e|le|[tró]|ni|ca
microeletrônica	nome feminino	mi|cro|e|le|[trô]|ni|ca
microempresa	nome feminino	mi|cro|em|[pre]|sa
microempresário	nome masculino	mi|cro|em|pre|[sá]|ri|o
microengenharia	nome feminino	mi|cro|en|ge|nha|[ri]|a
microengenheiro	nome masculino	mi|cro|en|ge|[nhei]|ro
microestado	nome masculino	mi|cro|es|[ta]|do
microestrutura	nome feminino	mi|cro|es|tru|[tu]|ra
microevolução	nome feminino	mi|cro|e|vo|lu|[ção]
microevolutivo	adjetivo	mi|cro|e|vo|lu|[ti]|vo
micrófago	nome masculino	mi|[cró]|fa|go
micrófago	adjetivo	mi|[cró]|fa|go
microfarad	nome masculino	mi|cro|[fa]|rad
microfauna	nome feminino	mi|cro|[fau]|na
microfaunístico	adjetivo	mi|cro|fau|[nís]|ti|co
microficha	nome feminino	mi|cro|[fi]|cha
microfilia	nome feminino	mi|cro|fi|[li]|a
microfilite	nome feminino	mi|cro|fi|[li]|te
microfilmagem	nome feminino	mi|cro|fil|[ma]|gem
microfilmar	verbo	mi|cro|fil|[mar]
microfilme	nome masculino	mi|cro|[fil]|me
microfilo	adjetivo	mi|cro|[fi]|lo
microfísica	nome feminino	mi|cro|[fí]|si|ca
microfítico	adjetivo	mi|cro|[fí]|ti|co
micrófito	nome masculino	mi|[cró]|fi|to
microflora	nome feminino	mi|cro|[flo]|ra
microfone	nome masculino	mi|cro|[fo]|ne
microfonia	nome feminino	mi|cro|fo|[ni]|a
