madurez	nome feminino	ma|du|[rez]
madureza	nome feminino	ma|du|[re]|za
maduro	adjetivo	ma|[du]|ro
maduro	nome masculino	ma|[du]|ro
mãe	nome feminino	[mãe]
mãe de aluguer	nome feminino	mãe de a|lu|guer
mãe de santo	nome feminino	mãe de san|to
mãe-benta	nome feminino	mãe-ben|ta
mãe-d'água	nome feminino	mãe-d'á|gua
mãe-da-lua	nome feminino	mãe-da-lu|a
mãe-do-sol	nome feminino	[mãe-do-sol]
mãe-pátria	nome feminino	mãe-pá|tri|a
maenga	nome masculino	ma|[en]|ga
maestoso	adjetivo	ma|es|[to]|so
maestria	nome feminino	ma|es|[tri]|a
maestrichtiano	adjetivo	ma|es|trich|ti|[a]|no
maestrina	nome feminino	ma|es|[tri]|na
maestrino	nome masculino	ma|es|[tri]|no
maestro	nome masculino	ma|[es]|tro
maestro-titular	nome masculino	ma|es|tro-ti|tu|[lar]
maeu	nome masculino	ma|[eu]
mãezeiro	adjetivo	[mãe]|zei|ro
mãezinha	nome feminino	mãe|[zi]|nha
mafabé	adjetivo	ma|fa|[bé]
mafamede	nome masculino	ma|fa|[me]|de
mafamético	adjetivo	ma|fa|[mé]|ti|co
mafarrica	nome feminino	ma|far|[ri]|ca
mafarrico	nome masculino	ma|far|[ri]|co
mafarrico	adjetivo	ma|far|[ri]|co
mafé	nome masculino	ma|[fé]
máfia	nome feminino	[má]|fi|a
mafiar	verbo	ma|fi|[ar]
máfico	adjetivo	[má]|fi|co
mafiosa	nome feminino	ma|fi|[o]|sa
mafioso	nome masculino	ma|fi|[o]|so
mafioso	adjetivo	ma|fi|[o]|so
mafoma	nome feminino	ma|[fo]|ma
mafomista	adjetivo	ma|fo|[mis]|ta
mafomista	nome masculino	ma|fo|[mis]|ta
mafomista	nome feminino	ma|fo|[mis]|ta
mafra	nome feminino	[ma]|fra
mafraíto	nome masculino	ma|fra|[í]|to
mafrense	adjetivo	ma|[fren]|se
mafrense	nome masculino	ma|[fren]|se
mafrense	nome feminino	ma|[fren]|se
mafuá	nome masculino	ma|fu|[á]
mafua	nome feminino	ma|[fu]|a
mafuma	nome feminino	ma|[fu]|ma
mafumeira	nome feminino	ma|fu|[mei]|ra
mafumo	nome masculino	ma|[fu]|mo
mafunje	nome masculino	ma|[fun]|je
mafura	nome feminino	ma|[fu]|ra
mafureira	nome feminino	ma|fu|[rei]|ra
mafurra	nome feminino	ma|[fur]|ra
mafurreira	nome feminino	ma|fur|[rei]|ra
mafuta	adjetivo	ma|[fu]|ta
mafuta	nome masculino	ma|[fu]|ta
mafuta	nome feminino	ma|[fu]|ta
maga	nome feminino	[ma]|ga
magaça	nome feminino	ma|[ga]|ça
magaíça	nome masculino	ma|ga|[í]|ça
magal	nome masculino	ma|[gal]
magala	nome masculino	ma|[ga]|la
magalona	nome feminino	ma|ga|[lo]|na
magana	adjetivo	ma|[ga]|na
magana	nome feminino	ma|[ga]|na
maganagem	nome feminino	ma|ga|[na]|gem
maganão	adjetivo	ma|ga|[não]
maganão	nome masculino	ma|ga|[não]
maganaz	nome masculino	ma|ga|[naz]
maganear	verbo	ma|ga|ne|[ar]
maganeira	nome feminino	ma|ga|[nei]|ra
maganice	nome feminino	ma|ga|[ni]|ce
maganja	adjetivo	ma|[gan]|ja
maganja	nome masculino	ma|[gan]|ja
maganja	nome feminino	ma|[gan]|ja
magano	nome masculino	ma|[ga]|no
magano	adjetivo	ma|[ga]|no
maganona	nome feminino	ma|ga|[no]|na
magarça	nome feminino	ma|[gar]|ça
magarebe	nome masculino	ma|ga|[re]|be
magarefe	nome masculino	ma|ga|[re]|fe
magarim	nome masculino	ma|ga|[rim]
magazine	nome masculino	ma|ga|[zi]|ne
magdaleniano	adjetivo	mag|da|le|ni|[a]|no
magdalião	nome masculino	mag|da|li|[ão]
magelino	adjetivo	ma|ge|[li]|no
magelino	nome masculino	ma|ge|[li]|no
magenta	adjetivo	ma|[gen]|ta
magenta	nome masculino	ma|[gen]|ta
magerman	nome masculino	ma|ger|[man]
magerman	nome feminino	ma|ger|[man]
magia	nome feminino	ma|[gi]|a
magiar	nome masculino	ma|gi|[ar]
magiar	adjetivo	ma|gi|[ar]
magiar	nome feminino	ma|gi|[ar]
mágica	nome feminino	[má]|gi|ca
magicamente	advérbio	ma|gi|ca|[men]|te
magicar	verbo	ma|gi|[car]
mágico	nome masculino	[má]|gi|co
