mistificador	nome masculino	mis|ti|fi|ca|[dor]
mistificadora	nome feminino	mis|ti|fi|ca|[do]|ra
mistificante	adjetivo	mis|ti|fi|[can]|te
mistificar	verbo	mis|ti|fi|[car]
mistificatório	adjetivo	mis|ti|fi|ca|[tó]|ri|o
mistificável	adjetivo	mis|ti|fi|[cá]|vel
mistifório	nome masculino	mis|ti|[fó]|ri|o
mistilíneo	adjetivo	mis|ti|[lí]|ne|o
mistilíngue	adjetivo	mis|ti|[lín]|gue
mistilingue	adjetivo	mis|ti|[lin]|gue
mistinérveo	adjetivo	mis|ti|[nér]|ve|o
mistiternário	adjetivo	mis|ti|ter|[ná]|ri|o
mistitriunitário	adjetivo	mis|ti|triu|ni|[tá]|ri|o
mistiunibinário	adjetivo	mis|tiu|ni|bi|[ná]|ri|o
misto	nome masculino	[mis]|to
misto	adjetivo	[mis]|to
mistonco	nome masculino	mis|[ton]|co
mistral	nome masculino	mis|[tral]
mistro	nome masculino	[mis]|tro
mistura	nome feminino	mis|[tu]|ra
misturação	nome feminino	mis|tu|ra|[ção]
misturada	nome feminino	mis|tu|[ra]|da
misturadeira	nome feminino	mis|tu|ra|[dei]|ra
misturado	adjetivo	mis|tu|[ra]|do
misturador	adjetivo	mis|tu|ra|[dor]
misturador	nome masculino	mis|tu|ra|[dor]
misturadora	nome feminino	mis|tu|ra|[do]|ra
misturar	verbo	mis|tu|[rar]
misturável	adjetivo	mis|tu|[rá]|vel
mistureiro	nome masculino	mis|tu|[rei]|ro
mísula	nome feminino	[mí]|su|la
mitacismo	nome masculino	mi|ta|[cis]|mo
mitene	nome feminino	mi|[te]|ne
miticamente	advérbio	mi|ti|ca|[men]|te
mítico	adjetivo	[mí]|ti|co
mitificação	nome feminino	mi|ti|fi|ca|[ção]
mitificado	adjetivo	mi|ti|fi|[ca]|do
mitificador	adjetivo	mi|ti|fi|ca|[dor]
mitificador	nome masculino	mi|ti|fi|ca|[dor]
mitificante	adjetivo	mi|ti|fi|[can]|te
mitificar	verbo	mi|ti|fi|[car]
mitificável	adjetivo	mi|ti|fi|[cá]|vel
mitigação	nome feminino	mi|ti|ga|[ção]
mitigado	adjetivo	mi|ti|[ga]|do
mitigador	adjetivo	mi|ti|ga|[dor]
mitigador	nome masculino	mi|ti|ga|[dor]
mitigadora	nome feminino	mi|ti|ga|[do]|ra
mitigante	adjetivo	mi|ti|[gan]|te
mitigar	verbo	mi|ti|[gar]
mitigativo	adjetivo	mi|ti|ga|[ti]|vo
mitigatório	adjetivo	mi|ti|ga|[tó]|ri|o
mitigável	adjetivo	mi|ti|[gá]|vel
mitileneu	adjetivo	mi|ti|le|[neu]
mitileneu	nome masculino	mi|ti|le|[neu]
mitilense	adjetivo	mi|ti|[len]|se
mitilense	nome masculino	mi|ti|[len]|se
mitilense	nome feminino	mi|ti|[len]|se
mitilícola	adjetivo	mi|ti|[lí]|co|la
mitilicultor	adjetivo	mi|ti|li|cul|[tor]
mitilicultor	nome masculino	mi|ti|li|cul|[tor]
mitilicultura	nome feminino	mi|ti|li|cul|[tu]|ra
mitílida	nome masculino	mi|[tí]|li|da
mitílida	nome masculino	mi|[tí]|li|da
mitilídeo	nome masculino	mi|ti|[lí]|de|o
mitilídeo	nome masculino	mi|ti|[lí]|de|o
mitilídeo	adjetivo	mi|ti|[lí]|de|o
mitilotoxina	nome feminino	mi|ti|lo|to|[xi]|na
mitismo	nome masculino	mi|[tis]|mo
mito	nome masculino	[mi]|to
mitocôndria	nome feminino	mi|to|[côn]|dri|a
mitocondrial	adjetivo	mi|to|con|dri|[al]
mitocôndrico	adjetivo	mi|to|[côn]|dri|co
mitógrafa	nome feminino	mi|[tó]|gra|fa
mitografia	nome feminino	mi|to|gra|[fi]|a
mitográfico	adjetivo	mi|to|[grá]|fi|co
mitógrafo	nome masculino	mi|[tó]|gra|fo
mitóloga	nome feminino	mi|[tó]|lo|ga
mitologia	nome feminino	mi|to|lo|[gi]|a
mitologicamente	advérbio	mi|to|lo|gi|ca|[men]|te
mitológico	adjetivo	mi|to|[ló]|gi|co
mitologismo	nome masculino	mi|to|lo|[gis]|mo
mitologista	nome masculino	mi|to|lo|[gis]|ta
mitologista	nome feminino	mi|to|lo|[gis]|ta
mitólogo	nome masculino	mi|[tó]|lo|go
mitómana	nome feminino	mi|[tó]|ma|na
mitomania	nome feminino	mi|to|ma|[ni]|a
mitomaníaco	adjetivo	mi|to|ma|[ní]|a|co
mitomaníaco	nome masculino	mi|to|ma|[ní]|a|co
mitômano	adjetivo	mi|[tô]|ma|no
mitômano	nome masculino	mi|[tô]|ma|no
mitómano	adjetivo	mi|[tó]|ma|no
mitómano	nome masculino	mi|[tó]|ma|no
mitombo	nome masculino	mi|[tom]|bo
mitonde	nome masculino	mi|[ton]|de
mitonímia	nome feminino	mi|to|[ní]|mi|a
mitonímico	adjetivo	mi|to|[ní]|mi|co
mitônimo	nome masculino	mi|[tô]|ni|mo
mitónimo	nome masculino	mi|[tó]|ni|mo
mitopoese	nome feminino	mi|to|po|[e]|se
mitopoética	nome feminino	mi|to|po|[é]|ti|ca
