monadista	nome masculino	mo|na|[dis]|ta
monadista	nome feminino	mo|na|[dis]|ta
monadístico	adjetivo	mo|na|[dís]|ti|co
monadologia	nome feminino	mo|na|do|lo|[gi]|a
monadológico	adjetivo	mo|na|do|[ló]|gi|co
monamido	nome masculino	mo|na|[mi]|do
monamina	nome feminino	mo|na|[mi]|na
monandengue	nome masculino	mo|nan|[den]|gue
monandengue	nome feminino	mo|nan|[den]|gue
monândria	nome feminino	mo|[nân]|dri|a
monandria	nome feminino	mo|nan|[dri]|a
monândrico	adjetivo	mo|[nân]|dri|co
monandro	adjetivo	mo|[nan]|dro
monangamba	nome masculino	mo|nan|[gam]|ba
monangundo	nome masculino	mo|nan|[gun]|do
monantero	adjetivo	mo|nan|[te]|ro
monanto	adjetivo	mo|[nan]|to
monantropia	nome feminino	mo|nan|tro|[pi]|a
monantrópico	adjetivo	mo|nan|[tró]|pi|co
monaquino	nome masculino	mo|na|[qui]|no
monaquismo	nome masculino	mo|na|[quis]|mo
monaquização	nome feminino	mo|na|qui|za|[ção]
monaquizar	verbo	mo|na|qui|[zar]
monarca	nome masculino	mo|[nar]|ca
monarca	nome feminino	mo|[nar]|ca
monarca	adjetivo	mo|[nar]|ca
monarcada	nome feminino	mo|nar|[ca]|da
monarcólatra	adjetivo	mo|nar|[có]|la|tra
monarcólatra	nome masculino	mo|nar|[có]|la|tra
monarcólatra	nome feminino	mo|nar|[có]|la|tra
monarcolatria	nome feminino	mo|nar|co|la|[tri]|a
monarcolátrico	adjetivo	mo|nar|co|[lá]|tri|co
monarcómaco	adjetivo	mo|nar|[có]|ma|co
monarcômaco	adjetivo	mo|nar|[cô]|ma|co
monarda	nome feminino	mo|[nar]|da
monaria	nome feminino	mo|na|[ri]|a
monarquia	nome feminino	mo|nar|[qui]|a
monarquiação	nome feminino	mo|nar|qui|a|[ção]
monarquianismo	nome masculino	mo|nar|qui|a|[nis]|mo
monarquiar	verbo	mo|nar|qui|[ar]
monárquica	nome feminino	mo|[nár]|qui|ca
monarquicamente	advérbio	mo|nar|qui|ca|[men]|te
monárquico	nome masculino	mo|[nár]|qui|co
monárquico	adjetivo	mo|[nár]|qui|co
monarquismo	nome masculino	mo|nar|[quis]|mo
monarquista	nome masculino	mo|nar|[quis]|ta
monarquista	nome feminino	mo|nar|[quis]|ta
monarquista	adjetivo	mo|nar|[quis]|ta
monarquização	nome feminino	mo|nar|qui|za|[ção]
monarquizar	verbo	mo|nar|qui|[zar]
monas	nome masculino	[mo]|nas
monástica	nome feminino	mo|[nás]|ti|ca
monastical	adjetivo	mo|nas|ti|[cal]
monasticamente	advérbio	mo|nas|ti|ca|[men]|te
monasticismo	nome masculino	mo|nas|ti|[cis]|mo
monástico	adjetivo	mo|[nás]|ti|co
monástico	nome masculino	mo|[nás]|ti|co
monásticon	nome masculino	mo|[nás]|ti|con
monatómico	adjetivo	mo|na|[tó]|mi|co
monatômico	adjetivo	mo|na|[tô]|mi|co
monaulo	nome masculino	mo|[nau]|lo
monauricular	adjetivo	mo|nau|ri|cu|[lar]
monazilho	nome masculino	mo|na|[zi]|lho
monazita	nome feminino	mo|na|[zi]|ta
monazite	nome feminino	mo|na|[zi]|te
monazítico	adjetivo	mo|na|[zí]|ti|co
monçanense	adjetivo	mon|ça|[nen]|se
monçanense	nome masculino	mon|ça|[nen]|se
monçanense	nome feminino	mon|ça|[nen]|se
monção	nome feminino	mon|[ção]
moncar	verbo	mon|[car]
monchiquense	adjetivo	mon|chi|[quen]|se
monchiquense	nome masculino	mon|chi|[quen]|se
monchiquense	nome feminino	mon|chi|[quen]|se
monchiquito	nome masculino	mon|chi|[qui]|to
moncó	nome masculino	mon|[có]
monco	nome masculino	[mon]|co
moncó	adjetivo	mon|[có]
moncó	nome feminino	mon|[có]
monco-de-peru	nome masculino	mon|co-de-pe|[ru]
moncone	nome masculino	mon|[co]|ne
moncorvense	adjetivo	mon|cor|[ven]|se
moncorvense	nome masculino	mon|cor|[ven]|se
moncorvense	nome feminino	mon|cor|[ven]|se
moncorvino	adjetivo	mon|cor|[vi]|no
moncoso	adjetivo	mon|[co]|so
monda	nome feminino	[mon]|da
mondadeira	nome feminino	mon|da|[dei]|ra
mondadeiro	adjetivo	mon|da|[dei]|ro
mondadeiro	nome masculino	mon|da|[dei]|ro
mondado	adjetivo	mon|[da]|do
mondador	nome masculino	mon|da|[dor]
mondador	adjetivo	mon|da|[dor]
mondadora	nome feminino	mon|da|[do]|ra
mondadura	nome feminino	mon|da|[du]|ra
mondar	verbo	mon|[dar]
mondável	adjetivo	mon|[dá]|vel
mondé	adjetivo	mon|[dé]
mondé	nome feminino	mon|[dé]
mondé	nome masculino	mon|[dé]
