monospermo	adjetivo	mo|nos|[per]|mo
monósporo	adjetivo	mo|[nós]|po|ro
monossábio	nome masculino	mo|nos|sá|bi|o
monossacarídeo	nome masculino	mo|nos|sa|ca|[rí]|de|o
monossacárido	nome masculino	mo|nos|sa|[cá]|ri|do
monossemia	nome feminino	mo|nos|se|[mi]|a
monossepalia	nome feminino	mo|nos|se|pa|[li]|a
monossépalo	adjetivo	mo|nos|[sé]|pa|lo
monosseriado	adjetivo	mo|nos|se|ri|[a]|do
monossilabicamente	advérbio	mo|nos|si|la|bi|ca|[men]|te
monossilábico	adjetivo	mo|nos|si|[lá]|bi|co
monossilabismo	nome masculino	mo|nos|si|la|[bis]|mo
monossílabo	nome masculino	mo|nos|[sí]|la|bo
monossílabo	adjetivo	mo|nos|[sí]|la|bo
monossitia	nome feminino	mo|nos|si|[ti]|a
monossomia	nome feminino	mo|nos|so|[mi]|a
monossómico	adjetivo	mo|nos|[só]|mi|co
monossômico	adjetivo	mo|nos|[sô]|mi|co
monossomo	adjetivo	mo|nos|[so]|mo
monossomo	nome masculino	mo|nos|[so]|mo
monossulfureto	nome masculino	mo|nos|sul|fu|[re]|to
monostela	nome feminino	mo|nos|[te]|la
monostélico	adjetivo	mo|nos|[té]|li|co
monóstico	nome masculino	mo|[nós]|ti|co
monóstico	adjetivo	mo|[nós]|ti|co
monostigmatia	nome feminino	mo|nos|tig|ma|[ti]|a
monostilo	adjetivo	mo|nos|[ti]|lo
monóstomo	adjetivo	mo|[nós]|to|mo
monostrengo	nome masculino	mo|nos|[tren]|go
monóstrofe	nome feminino	mo|[nós]|tro|fe
monostrófico	adjetivo	mo|nos|[tró]|fi|co
monóstrofo	adjetivo	mo|[nós]|tro|fo
monotalâmico	adjetivo	mo|no|ta|[lâ]|mi|co
monotálamo	adjetivo	mo|no|[tá]|la|mo
monoteico	adjetivo	mo|no|[tei]|co
monoteísmo	nome masculino	mo|no|te|[ís]|mo
monoteísta	nome masculino	mo|no|te|[ís]|ta
monoteísta	adjetivo	mo|no|te|[ís]|ta
monoteísta	nome feminino	mo|no|te|[ís]|ta
monoteístico	adjetivo	mo|no|te|[ís]|ti|co
monoteleta	nome masculino	mo|no|te|[le]|ta
monoteleta	nome feminino	mo|no|te|[le]|ta
monotelético	adjetivo	mo|no|te|[lé]|ti|co
monoteletismo	nome masculino	mo|no|te|le|[tis]|mo
monotelismo	nome masculino	mo|no|te|[lis]|mo
monotelita	adjetivo	mo|no|te|[li]|ta
monotelita	nome masculino	mo|no|te|[li]|ta
monotelita	nome feminino	mo|no|te|[li]|ta
monotelítico	adjetivo	mo|no|te|[lí]|ti|co
monotelitismo	nome masculino	mo|no|te|li|[tis]|mo
monotípico	adjetivo	mo|no|[tí]|pi|co
monotipista	nome masculino	mo|no|ti|[pis]|ta
monotipista	nome feminino	mo|no|ti|[pis]|ta
monotipo	nome feminino	mo|no|[ti]|po
monotipo	nome masculino	mo|no|[ti]|po
monótipo	nome masculino	mo|[nó]|ti|po
monótiro	adjetivo	mo|[nó]|ti|ro
monotonamente	advérbio	mo|no|to|na|[men]|te
monotongação	nome feminino	mo|no|ton|ga|[ção]
monotongar	verbo	mo|no|ton|[gar]
monotongo	nome masculino	mo|no|[ton]|go
monotonia	nome feminino	mo|no|to|[ni]|a
monotonização	nome feminino	mo|no|to|ni|za|[ção]
monotonizar	verbo	mo|no|to|ni|[zar]
monótono	adjetivo	mo|[nó]|to|no
monotrémato	adjetivo	mo|no|[tré]|ma|to
monotrémato	nome masculino	mo|no|[tré]|ma|to
monotrêmato	adjetivo	mo|no|[trê]|ma|to
monotrêmato	nome masculino	mo|no|[trê]|ma|to
monotremo	nome masculino	mo|no|[tre]|mo
monotremo	adjetivo	mo|no|[tre]|mo
monótrico	nome masculino	mo|[nó]|tri|co
monotríglifo	nome masculino	mo|no|[trí]|gli|fo
monotrilho	adjetivo	mo|no|[tri]|lho
monotrilho	nome masculino	mo|no|[tri]|lho
monótropa	nome feminino	mo|[nó]|tro|pa
monotrópea	nome feminino	mo|no|[tró]|pe|a
monotrópico	adjetivo	mo|no|[tró]|pi|co
monovalência	nome feminino	mo|no|va|[lên]|ci|a
monovalente	adjetivo	mo|no|va|[len]|te
monovalente	nome masculino	mo|no|va|[len]|te
monovitelino	adjetivo	mo|no|vi|te|[li]|no
monovolume	adjetivo	mo|no|vo|[lu]|me
monovolume	nome masculino	mo|no|vo|[lu]|me
monóxeno	adjetivo	mo|[nó]|xe|no
monóxido	nome masculino	mo|[nó]|xi|do
monóxilo	nome masculino	mo|[nó]|xi|lo
monóxilo	adjetivo	mo|[nó]|xi|lo
monozigótico	adjetivo	mo|no|zi|[gó]|ti|co
monozigoto	adjetivo	mo|no|zi|[go]|to
monozoicidade	nome feminino	mo|no|zoi|ci|[da]|de
monozoico	adjetivo	mo|no|[zoi]|co
monquenquice	nome feminino	mon|quen|[qui]|ce
monquilho	nome masculino	mon|[qui]|lho
monroíno	adjetivo	mon|ro|[í]|no
monroísmo	nome masculino	mon|ro|[ís]|mo
monroísta	adjetivo	mon|ro|[ís]|ta
monroísta	nome masculino	mon|ro|[ís]|ta
monroísta	nome feminino	mon|ro|[ís]|ta
monroviano	adjetivo	mon|ro|vi|[a]|no
