barba-azul	nome masculino	bar|ba-a|[zul]
barba-de-bode	nome feminino	bar|ba-de-bo|de
barba-de-cabra	nome feminino	bar|ba-de-ca|bra
barba-de-pau	nome feminino	bar|ba-de-pau
barbacã	nome feminino	bar|ba|[cã]
barbaçana	nome masculino	bar|ba|[ça]|na
barbaças	nome masculino	bar|[ba]|ças
barbacenas	nome masculino	bar|ba|[ce]|nas
barbacenense	adjetivo	bar|ba|ce|[nen]|se
barbacenense	nome masculino	bar|ba|ce|[nen]|se
barbacenense	nome feminino	bar|ba|ce|[nen]|se
barbaçudo	adjetivo	bar|ba|[çu]|do
barbada	nome feminino	bar|[ba]|da
barbadão	nome masculino	bar|ba|[dão]
barbadense	adjetivo	bar|ba|[den]|se
barbadense	nome masculino	bar|ba|[den]|se
barbadense	nome feminino	bar|ba|[den]|se
barbadiano	adjetivo	bar|ba|di|[a]|no
barbadiano	nome masculino	bar|ba|di|[a]|no
barbadinho	nome masculino	bar|ba|[di]|nho
barbadinho	adjetivo	bar|ba|[di]|nho
barbado	nome masculino	bar|[ba]|do
barbado	adjetivo	bar|[ba]|do
barbaísco	nome masculino	bar|ba|[ís]|co
barbal	nome masculino	bar|[bal]
barbalho	nome masculino	bar|[ba]|lho
barbalhoste	nome masculino	bar|ba|[lhos]|te
barbalhoste	adjetivo	bar|ba|[lhos]|te
barbante	nome masculino	bar|[ban]|te
barbaquá	nome masculino	bar|ba|[quá]
barbar	verbo	bar|[bar]
bárbara	nome feminino	[bár]|ba|ra
barbaramente	advérbio	bar|ba|ra|[men]|te
barbaré	interjeição	bar|ba|[ré]
barbaresco	adjetivo	bar|ba|[res]|co
barbaria	nome feminino	bar|ba|[ri]|a
barbarice	nome feminino	bar|ba|[ri]|ce
barbárico	adjetivo	bar|[bá]|ri|co
barbaridade	nome feminino	bar|ba|ri|[da]|de
barbárie	nome feminino	bar|[bá]|ri|e
barbariloquia	nome feminino	bar|ba|ri|lo|[qui]|a
barbário	adjetivo	bar|[bá]|ri|o
barbário	nome masculino	bar|[bá]|ri|o
barbarisco	adjetivo	bar|ba|[ris]|co
barbarismo	nome masculino	bar|ba|[ris]|mo
barbarissonante	adjetivo	bar|ba|ris|so|[nan]|te
barbarista	adjetivo	bar|ba|[ris]|ta
barbarista	nome masculino	bar|ba|[ris]|ta
barbarista	nome feminino	bar|ba|[ris]|ta
barbarização	nome feminino	bar|ba|ri|za|[ção]
barbarizador	adjetivo	bar|ba|ri|za|[dor]
barbarizador	nome masculino	bar|ba|ri|za|[dor]
barbarizar	verbo	bar|ba|ri|[zar]
bárbaro	adjetivo	[bár]|ba|ro
bárbaro	nome masculino	[bár]|ba|ro
barbarolexe	nome feminino	bar|ba|ro|[le]|xe
barbarolexia	nome feminino	bar|ba|ro|le|[xi]|a
barbarrão	nome masculino	bar|bar|[rão]
barbas	nome masculino	[bar]|bas
barbas	nome feminino	[bar]|bas
barbas-de-capuchinho	nome feminino	bar|bas-de-ca|pu|[chi]|nho
barbas-de-velho	nome feminino	bar|bas-de-ve|lho
barbasco	nome masculino	bar|[bas]|co
barbata	nome feminino	bar|[ba]|ta
barbatana	nome feminino	bar|ba|[ta]|na
barbatão	nome masculino	bar|ba|[tão]
barbatar	verbo	bar|ba|[tar]
barbate	nome masculino	bar|[ba]|te
barbato	nome masculino	bar|[ba]|to
barbato	adjetivo	bar|[ba]|to
barbatolas	nome masculino	bar|ba|[to]|las
barbeação	nome feminino	bar|be|a|[ção]
barbeador	nome masculino	bar|be|a|[dor]
barbeadura	nome feminino	bar|be|a|[du]|ra
barbear	verbo	bar|be|[ar]
barbearia	nome feminino	bar|be|a|[ri]|a
barbeável	adjetivo	bar|be|[á]|vel
barbechar	verbo	bar|be|[char]
barbecho	nome masculino	bar|[be]|cho
barbecue	nome feminino	bar|be|cue
barbeirada	nome feminino	bar|bei|[ra]|da
barbeiragem	nome feminino	bar|bei|[ra]|gem
barbeirice	nome feminino	bar|bei|[ri]|ce
barbeiro	nome masculino	bar|[bei]|ro
barbeirola	nome masculino	bar|bei|[ro]|la
barbeito	nome masculino	bar|[bei]|to
barbela	nome feminino	bar|[be]|la
barbelado	adjetivo	bar|be|[la]|do
barbelar	verbo	bar|be|[lar]
barbelões	nome masculino	bar|be|[lões]
barbélula	nome feminino	bar|[bé]|lu|la
barbelulado	adjetivo	bar|be|lu|[la]|do
barbeta	nome feminino	bar|[be]|ta
barbete	nome masculino	bar|[be]|te
barbialçado	adjetivo	bar|bi|al|[ça]|do
barbião	nome masculino	bar|bi|[ão]
barbiargênteo	adjetivo	bar|bi|ar|[gên]|te|o
barbica	nome feminino	bar|[bi]|ca
barbicacho	nome masculino	bar|bi|[ca]|cho
barbiças	nome masculino	bar|[bi]|ças
