barbicha	nome feminino	bar|[bi]|cha
barbichas	nome masculino	bar|[bi]|chas
barbicho	nome masculino	bar|[bi]|cho
barbidju	nome masculino	bar|bid|[ju]
barbífero	adjetivo	bar|[bí]|fe|ro
barbiforme	adjetivo	bar|bi|[for]|me
barbilha	nome feminino	bar|[bi]|lha
barbilhão	nome masculino	bar|bi|[lhão]
barbilho	nome masculino	bar|[bi]|lho
barbiloiro	adjetivo	bar|bi|[loi]|ro
barbilongo	adjetivo	bar|bi|[lon]|go
barbilouro	adjetivo	bar|bi|[lou]|ro
barbinegro	adjetivo	bar|bi|[ne]|gro
barbino	nome masculino	bar|[bi]|no
barbípede	adjetivo	bar|[bí]|pe|de
barbipoente	adjetivo	bar|bi|po|[en]|te
barbiponente	adjetivo	bar|bi|po|[nen]|te
barbirrostro	adjetivo	bar|bir|[ros]|tro
barbirruivo	adjetivo	bar|bir|[rui]|vo
barbital	nome masculino	bar|bi|[tal]
barbiteso	adjetivo	bar|bi|[te]|so
bárbito	nome masculino	[bár]|bi|to
barbiturato	nome masculino	bar|bi|tu|[ra]|to
barbitúrico	adjetivo	bar|bi|[tú]|ri|co
barbitúrico	nome masculino	bar|bi|[tú]|ri|co
barbiturismo	nome masculino	bar|bi|tu|[ris]|mo
barbo	nome masculino	[bar]|bo
barbos	nome masculino	[bar]|bos
barbosa	nome feminino	bar|[bo]|sa
barbote	nome masculino	bar|[bo]|te
barbotina	nome feminino	bar|bo|[ti]|na
barboto	nome masculino	bar|[bo]|to
barbozinho	nome masculino	bar|bo|[zi]|nho
barbuda	nome feminino	bar|[bu]|da
barbudo	adjetivo	bar|[bu]|do
barbudo	nome masculino	bar|[bu]|do
bárbula	nome feminino	[bár]|bu|la
barbuzano	nome masculino	bar|bu|[za]|no
barça	nome feminino	[bar]|ça
barca	nome feminino	[bar]|ca
barca de ouro	nome feminino	[bar]|ca de ou|ro
barca-volante	nome feminino	bar|ca-vo|[lan]|te
barcaça	nome feminino	bar|[ca]|ça
barcaceiro	nome masculino	bar|ca|[cei]|ro
barcada	nome feminino	bar|[ca]|da
barcafom	nome masculino	bar|[ca]|fom
barcagem	nome feminino	bar|[ca]|gem
barcana	nome feminino	bar|[ca]|na
barcano	adjetivo	bar|[ca]|no
barcano	nome masculino	bar|[ca]|no
barcarola	nome feminino	bar|ca|[ro]|la
barceiro	nome masculino	bar|[cei]|ro
barcelada	nome feminino	bar|ce|[la]|da
barcelense	nome masculino	bar|ce|[len]|se
barcelense	adjetivo	bar|ce|[len]|se
barcelense	nome feminino	bar|ce|[len]|se
barcelonada	nome feminino	bar|ce|lo|[na]|da
barcelonense	adjetivo	bar|ce|lo|[nen]|se
barcelonense	nome masculino	bar|ce|lo|[nen]|se
barcelonense	nome feminino	bar|ce|lo|[nen]|se
barcelonês	adjetivo	bar|ce|lo|[nês]
barcelonês	nome masculino	bar|ce|lo|[nês]
barcelonesa	nome feminino	bar|ce|lo|[ne]|sa
barceu	adjetivo	bar|[ceu]
barceu	nome masculino	bar|[ceu]
barcinão	adjetivo	bar|ci|[não]
barcinão	nome masculino	bar|ci|[não]
barcino	adjetivo	bar|[ci]|no
barcinonense	adjetivo	bar|ci|no|[nen]|se
barcinonense	nome masculino	bar|ci|no|[nen]|se
barcinonense	nome feminino	bar|ci|no|[nen]|se
barco	nome masculino	[bar]|co
barco-automóvel	nome masculino	bar|co-au|to|[mó]|vel
barco-dragão	nome masculino	bar|co-dra|[gão]
barco-farol	nome masculino	bar|co-fa|[rol]
barco-patrulha	nome masculino	bar|co-pa|[tru]|lha
barco-piloto	nome masculino	bar|co-pi|[lo]|to
barcola	nome feminino	bar|[co]|la
barcolas	nome feminino	bar|[co]|las
barcote	nome masculino	bar|[co]|te
barda	nome feminino	[bar]|da
bardada	nome feminino	bar|[da]|da
bardamerda	nome masculino	bar|da|[mer]|da
bardamerda	nome feminino	bar|da|[mer]|da
bardamerdas	nome masculino	bar|da|[mer]|das
bardamerdas	nome feminino	bar|da|[mer]|das
bardana	nome feminino	bar|[da]|na
bardana-maior	nome feminino	bar|da|na-mai|[or]
bardana-menor	nome feminino	bar|da|na-me|[nor]
bardar	verbo	bar|[dar]
bardesano	adjetivo	bar|de|[sa]|no
bardesano	nome masculino	bar|de|[sa]|no
bardeu	adjetivo	bar|[deu]
bardeu	nome masculino	bar|[deu]
bárdico	adjetivo	[bár]|di|co
bardilho	adjetivo	bar|[di]|lho
bardino	nome masculino	bar|[di]|no
bardisano	adjetivo	bar|di|[sa]|no
bardisano	nome masculino	bar|di|[sa]|no
bardito	nome masculino	bar|[di]|to
