bá	nome feminino	[bá]
bá	nome masculino	[bá]
baalita	nome masculino	ba|a|[li]|ta
baalita	nome feminino	ba|a|[li]|ta
baamense	adjetivo	ba|a|[men]|se
baamense	nome masculino	ba|a|[men]|se
baamense	nome feminino	ba|a|[men]|se
baamês	adjetivo	ba|a|[mês]
baamês	nome masculino	ba|a|[mês]
baamiano	adjetivo	ba|a|mi|[a]|no
baamiano	nome masculino	ba|a|mi|[a]|no
babá	nome feminino	ba|[bá]
baba	nome feminino	[ba]|ba
baba	nome masculino	[ba]|ba
babá	nome masculino	ba|[bá]
baba de camelo	nome feminino	[ba]|ba de ca|me|lo
baba de moça	nome feminino	[ba]|ba de mo|ça
baba-de-boi	nome feminino	ba|ba-de-boi
babaca	adjetivo	ba|[ba]|ca
babaça	nome masculino	ba|[ba]|ça
babaça	nome feminino	ba|[ba]|ça
babaçu	nome masculino	ba|ba|[çu]
babada	nome feminino	ba|[ba]|da
babadinho	adjetivo	ba|ba|[di]|nho
babado	adjetivo	ba|[ba]|do
babado	nome masculino	ba|[ba]|do
babadoiro	nome masculino	ba|ba|[doi]|ro
babador	nome masculino	ba|ba|[dor]
babadouro	nome masculino	ba|ba|[dou]|ro
babadura	nome feminino	ba|ba|[du]|ra
babalaza	nome feminino	ba|ba|[la]|za
babalaze	nome masculino	ba|ba|[la]|ze
babalaze	nome feminino	ba|ba|[la]|ze
babanca	nome masculino	ba|[ban]|ca
babão	adjetivo	ba|[bão]
babão	nome masculino	ba|[bão]
babaquara	adjetivo	ba|ba|[qua]|ra
babaquara	nome masculino	ba|ba|[qua]|ra
babaquara	nome feminino	ba|ba|[qua]|ra
babaquice	nome feminino	ba|ba|[qui]|ce
babar	verbo	ba|[bar]
babaré	nome masculino	ba|ba|[ré]
babaréu	nome masculino	ba|ba|[réu]
babatar	verbo	ba|ba|[tar]
babau	interjeição	ba|[bau]
babau	nome masculino	ba|[bau]
babeira	nome feminino	ba|[bei]|ra
babeiro	nome masculino	ba|[bei]|ro
babel	nome feminino	ba|[bel]
babelesco	adjetivo	ba|be|[les]|co
babélico	adjetivo	ba|[bé]|li|co
babete	nome masculino	ba|[be]|te
babilónia	nome feminino	ba|bi|[ló]|ni|a
babilônia	nome feminino	ba|bi|[lô]|ni|a
babilónico	adjetivo	ba|bi|[ló]|ni|co
babilônico	adjetivo	ba|bi|[lô]|ni|co
babilônio	adjetivo	ba|bi|[lô]|ni|o
babilônio	nome masculino	ba|bi|[lô]|ni|o
babilónio	nome masculino	ba|bi|[ló]|ni|o
babilónio	adjetivo	ba|bi|[ló]|ni|o
babilonismo	nome masculino	ba|bi|lo|[nis]|mo
babilonizar	verbo	ba|bi|lo|ni|[zar]
babirussa	nome feminino	ba|bi|[rus]|sa
babismo	nome masculino	ba|[bis]|mo
babista	adjetivo	ba|[bis]|ta
babista	nome masculino	ba|[bis]|ta
babista	nome feminino	ba|[bis]|ta
bablaque	nome masculino	ba|[bla]|que
baboca	adjetivo	ba|[bo]|ca
baboca	nome masculino	ba|[bo]|ca
baboca	nome feminino	ba|[bo]|ca
babona	nome feminino	ba|[bo]|na
baboré	nome masculino	ba|bo|[ré]
babosa	nome feminino	ba|[bo]|sa
baboseira	nome feminino	ba|bo|[sei]|ra
babosice	nome feminino	ba|bo|[si]|ce
baboso	adjetivo	ba|[bo]|so
baboso	nome masculino	ba|[bo]|so
babucha	nome feminino	ba|[bu]|cha
babugem	nome feminino	ba|[bu]|gem
babugento	adjetivo	ba|bu|[gen]|to
babuíno	nome masculino	ba|bu|[í]|no
babujante	adjetivo	ba|bu|[jan]|te
babujar	verbo	ba|bu|[jar]
babujaria	nome feminino	ba|bu|ja|[ri]|a
babunha	nome feminino	ba|[bu]|nha
babuvismo	nome masculino	ba|bu|[vis]|mo
babuvista	adjetivo	ba|bu|[vis]|ta
babuvista	nome masculino	ba|bu|[vis]|ta
babuvista	nome feminino	ba|bu|[vis]|ta
baby	nome masculino	[ba]|by
baby-doll	nome masculino	ba|by-doll
baby-grow	nome masculino	ba|by-grow
baby-sitter	nome masculino	ba|by-sit|ter
baby-sitter	nome feminino	ba|by-sit|ter
babygro	nome masculino	ba|by|gro
bacabá	nome masculino	ba|ca|[bá]
bacaba	nome feminino	ba|[ca]|ba
bacabada	nome feminino	ba|ca|[ba]|da
bacabaí	nome feminino	ba|ca|ba|[í]
