barroca	nome feminino	bar|[ro]|ca
barrocada	nome feminino	bar|ro|[ca]|da
barrocal	nome masculino	bar|ro|[cal]
barrocão	nome masculino	bar|ro|[cão]
barroco	nome masculino	bar|[ro]|co
barroco	adjetivo	bar|[ro]|co
barrocoso	adjetivo	bar|ro|[co]|so
barroqueira	nome feminino	bar|ro|[quei]|ra
barroqueirada	nome feminino	bar|ro|quei|[ra]|da
barroqueiral	nome masculino	bar|ro|quei|[ral]
barroqueiro	nome masculino	bar|ro|[quei]|ro
barroquismo	nome masculino	bar|ro|[quis]|mo
barroquista	adjetivo	bar|ro|[quis]|ta
barroquista	nome masculino	bar|ro|[quis]|ta
barroquista	nome feminino	bar|ro|[quis]|ta
barroquístico	adjetivo	bar|ro|[quís]|ti|co
barrosã	nome feminino	bar|ro|[sã]
barrosão	nome masculino	bar|ro|[são]
barrosão	adjetivo	bar|ro|[são]
barroseiro	adjetivo	bar|ro|[sei]|ro
barrosinha	nome feminino	bar|ro|[si]|nha
barrosinho	nome masculino	bar|ro|[si]|nho
barrosinho	adjetivo	bar|ro|[si]|nho
barrosista	adjetivo	bar|ro|[sis]|ta
barroso	adjetivo	bar|[ro]|so
barroso	nome masculino	bar|[ro]|so
barrosoa	nome feminino	bar|ro|[so]|a
barrotado	nome masculino	bar|ro|[ta]|do
barrotar	verbo	bar|ro|[tar]
barrote	nome masculino	bar|[ro]|te
barrotear	verbo	bar|ro|te|[ar]
barrotim	nome masculino	bar|ro|[tim]
barrufar	verbo	bar|ru|[far]
barrufo	nome masculino	bar|[ru]|fo
barruntar	verbo	bar|run|[tar]
barrunto	nome masculino	bar|[run]|to
barsajote	nome masculino	bar|sa|[jo]|te
bartedouro	nome masculino	bar|te|[dou]|ro
bartolomeu	nome masculino	bar|to|lo|[meu]
bartónia	nome feminino	bar|[tó]|ni|a
bartônia	nome feminino	bar|[tô]|ni|a
bartrâmia	nome feminino	bar|[trâ]|mi|a
baru	nome masculino	ba|[ru]
barulhada	nome feminino	ba|ru|[lha]|da
barulhar	verbo	ba|ru|[lhar]
barulheira	nome feminino	ba|ru|[lhei]|ra
barulheiro	adjetivo	ba|ru|[lhei]|ro
barulhento	adjetivo	ba|ru|[lhen]|to
barulho	nome masculino	ba|[ru]|lho
barulhoso	adjetivo	ba|ru|[lho]|so
barururu	adjetivo	ba|ru|ru|[ru]
barururu	nome masculino	ba|ru|ru|[ru]
barururu	nome feminino	ba|ru|ru|[ru]
basal	adjetivo	ba|[sal]
basáltico	adjetivo	ba|[sál]|ti|co
basaltiforme	adjetivo	ba|sal|ti|[for]|me
basalto	nome masculino	ba|[sal]|to
basanite	nome feminino	ba|sa|[ni]|te
basar	verbo	ba|[sar]
basbacaria	nome feminino	bas|ba|ca|[ri]|a
basbaque	nome masculino	bas|[ba]|que
basbaque	nome feminino	bas|[ba]|que
basbaqueira	nome feminino	bas|ba|[quei]|ra
basbaquice	nome feminino	bas|ba|[qui]|ce
basbaquismo	nome masculino	bas|ba|[quis]|mo
basca	nome feminino	[bas]|ca
basco	adjetivo	[bas]|co
basco	nome masculino	[bas]|co
bascolejar	verbo	bas|co|le|[jar]
báscula	nome feminino	[bás]|cu|la
basculante	adjetivo	bas|cu|[lan]|te
basculhadeira	nome feminino	bas|cu|lha|[dei]|ra
basculhadela	nome feminino	bas|cu|lha|[de]|la
basculhador	nome masculino	bas|cu|lha|[dor]
basculhar	verbo	bas|cu|[lhar]
basculho	nome masculino	bas|[cu]|lho
básculo	nome masculino	[bás]|cu|lo
base	nome feminino	[ba]|se
baseado	adjetivo	ba|se|[a]|do
baseamento	nome masculino	ba|se|a|[men]|to
basear	verbo	ba|se|[ar]
basear	adjetivo	ba|se|[ar]
basebol	nome masculino	ba|se|[bol]
basebolista	nome masculino	ba|se|bo|[lis]|ta
basebolista	nome feminino	ba|se|bo|[lis]|ta
baselga	adjetivo	ba|[sel]|ga
baselga	nome masculino	ba|[sel]|ga
bases	nome feminino	[ba]|ses
basial	adjetivo	ba|si|[al]
basic	nome masculino	[ba]|sic
basicamente	advérbio	ba|si|ca|[men]|te
basicidade	nome feminino	ba|si|ci|[da]|de
básico	adjetivo	[bá]|si|co
básico	nome masculino	[bá]|si|co
basicromatina	nome feminino	ba|si|cro|ma|[ti]|na
basídio	nome masculino	ba|[sí]|di|o
basidiocárpico	adjetivo	ba|si|di|o|[cár]|pi|co
basidiocarpo	nome masculino	ba|si|di|o|[car]|po
basidiomicete	nome masculino	ba|si|di|o|mi|[ce]|te
basidiosporado	adjetivo	ba|si|di|os|po|[ra]|do
