bastidão	nome feminino	bas|ti|[dão]
bastido	nome masculino	bas|[ti]|do
bastidor	nome masculino	bas|ti|[dor]
bastilha	nome feminino	bas|[ti]|lha
bastimento	nome masculino	bas|ti|[men]|to
bastio	nome masculino	bas|[ti]|o
bastir	verbo	bas|[tir]
bastissagem	nome feminino	bas|tis|[sa]|gem
basto	advérbio	[bas]|to
basto	nome masculino	[bas]|to
basto	adjetivo	[bas]|to
bastonada	nome feminino	bas|to|[na]|da
bastonária	nome feminino	bas|to|[ná]|ri|a
bastonário	nome masculino	bas|to|[ná]|ri|o
bastonete	nome masculino	bas|to|[ne]|te
bastos	nome masculino	[bas]|tos
bástulo	adjetivo	[bás]|tu|lo
bástulo	nome masculino	[bás]|tu|lo
bastura	nome feminino	bas|[tu]|ra
bata	nome feminino	[ba]|ta
batachim	nome masculino	ba|ta|[chim]
batage	nome masculino	ba|[ta]|ge
batagem	nome feminino	ba|[ta]|gem
batalha	nome feminino	ba|[ta]|lha
batalhação	nome feminino	ba|ta|lha|[ção]
batalhado	adjetivo	ba|ta|[lha]|do
batalhador	adjetivo	ba|ta|lha|[dor]
batalhador	nome masculino	ba|ta|lha|[dor]
batalhadora	nome feminino	ba|ta|lha|[do]|ra
batalhante	adjetivo	ba|ta|[lhan]|te
batalhão	nome masculino	ba|ta|[lhão]
batalhar	verbo	ba|ta|[lhar]
batalheira	nome feminino	ba|ta|[lhei]|ra
batalhense	nome masculino	ba|ta|[lhen]|se
batalhense	adjetivo	ba|ta|[lhen]|se
batalhense	nome feminino	ba|ta|[lhen]|se
batalho	nome masculino	ba|[ta]|lho
batampear	verbo	ba|tam|pe|[ar]
batanca	nome feminino	ba|[tan]|ca
bataneota	nome masculino	ba|ta|ne|[o]|ta
bataneota	adjetivo	ba|ta|ne|[o]|ta
bataneota	nome feminino	ba|ta|ne|[o]|ta
batanga	nome feminino	ba|[tan]|ga
batão	nome masculino	ba|[tão]
batarda	nome feminino	ba|[tar]|da
batardão	nome masculino	ba|tar|[dão]
bataréu	nome masculino	ba|ta|[réu]
bataria	nome feminino	ba|ta|[ri]|a
batarismo	nome masculino	ba|ta|[ris]|mo
bátaro	nome masculino	[bá]|ta|ro
batata	nome feminino	ba|[ta]|ta
batatá	nome masculino	ba|ta|[tá]
batata-da-ilha	nome feminino	ba|ta|ta-da-i|lha
batata-doce	nome feminino	ba|ta|ta-do|ce
batata-semente	nome feminino	ba|ta|ta-se|[men]|te
batatada	nome feminino	ba|ta|[ta]|da
batatal	nome masculino	ba|ta|[tal]
batatão	nome masculino	ba|ta|[tão]
batatarana	nome feminino	ba|ta|ta|[ra]|na
batateira	nome feminino	ba|ta|[tei]|ra
batateiral	nome masculino	ba|ta|tei|[ral]
batateiro	nome masculino	ba|ta|[tei]|ro
batateiro	adjetivo	ba|ta|[tei]|ro
batatífago	adjetivo	ba|ta|[tí]|fa|go
batatífago	nome masculino	ba|ta|[tí]|fa|go
batatinha	nome feminino	ba|ta|[ti]|nha
batatudo	adjetivo	ba|ta|[tu]|do
batauá	nome masculino	ba|tau|[á]
bataúda	nome feminino	ba|ta|[ú]|da
batava	nome feminino	ba|[ta]|va
batávia	nome feminino	ba|[tá]|vi|a
batávico	adjetivo	ba|[tá]|vi|co
batávio	adjetivo	ba|[tá]|vi|o
batavo	nome masculino	ba|[ta]|vo
batavo	adjetivo	ba|[ta]|vo
bate	nome masculino	[ba]|te
bate-barba	nome feminino	ba|te-bar|ba
bate-bate	nome masculino	ba|te-ba|te
bate-boca	nome masculino	ba|te-bo|ca
bate-bola	nome masculino	ba|te-bo|la
bate-chapa	nome masculino	ba|te-cha|pa
bate-chapas	nome masculino	ba|te-cha|pas
bate-chapéu	nome masculino	ba|te-cha|[péu]
bate-chinela	nome masculino	ba|te-chi|[ne]|la
bate-cu	nome masculino	ba|te-cu
bate-estacas	nome masculino	ba|te-es|[ta]|cas
bate-folha	nome masculino	ba|te-fo|lha
bate-folhas	nome masculino	ba|te-fo|lhas
bate-latas	nome masculino	ba|te-la|tas
bate-língua	nome masculino	ba|te-lín|gua
bate-língua	nome feminino	ba|te-lín|gua
bate-mão	nome masculino	ba|te-mão
bate-mar	nome masculino	ba|te-mar
bate-muros	nome masculino	ba|te-mu|ros
bate-orelha	nome masculino	ba|te-o|[re]|lha
bate-papo	nome masculino	ba|te-pa|po
bate-pé	nome masculino	ba|te-pé
bate-prego	nome masculino	ba|te-pre|go
bate-sacas	nome masculino	ba|te-sa|cas
bate-sela	nome masculino	ba|te-se|la
