bate-sola	nome masculino	ba|te-so|la
bate-sornas	nome masculino	ba|te-sor|nas
bateada	nome feminino	ba|te|[a]|da
bateador	nome masculino	ba|te|a|[dor]
batear	verbo	ba|te|[ar]
batedeira	nome feminino	ba|te|[dei]|ra
batedela	nome feminino	ba|te|[de]|la
batedoiro	nome masculino	ba|te|[doi]|ro
batedor	adjetivo	ba|te|[dor]
batedor	nome masculino	ba|te|[dor]
batedora	nome feminino	ba|te|[do]|ra
batedouro	nome masculino	ba|te|[dou]|ro
batedura	nome feminino	ba|te|[du]|ra
bateeiro	nome masculino	ba|te|[ei]|ro
bátega	nome feminino	[bá]|te|ga
bategada	nome feminino	ba|te|[ga]|da
bateia	nome feminino	ba|[tei]|a
bateira	nome feminino	ba|[tei]|ra
bateiro	adjetivo	ba|[tei]|ro
batel	nome masculino	ba|[tel]
batela	nome feminino	ba|[te]|la
batelada	nome feminino	ba|te|[la]|da
batelão	nome masculino	ba|te|[lão]
bateleiro	nome masculino	ba|te|[lei]|ro
batelo	nome masculino	ba|[te]|lo
batemberguês	adjetivo	ba|tem|ber|[guês]
batemberguês	nome masculino	ba|tem|ber|[guês]
bateno	adjetivo	ba|[te]|no
bateno	nome masculino	ba|[te]|no
batente	adjetivo	ba|[ten]|te
batente	nome masculino	ba|[ten]|te
batepandé	nome masculino	ba|te|pan|[dé]
bater	verbo	ba|[ter]
bateria	nome feminino	ba|te|[ri]|a
baterista	nome masculino	ba|te|[ris]|ta
baterista	nome feminino	ba|te|[ris]|ta
batíada	adjetivo	ba|[tí]|a|da
batíada	nome masculino	ba|[tí]|a|da
batíada	nome feminino	ba|[tí]|a|da
batial	adjetivo	ba|ti|[al]
batibarba	nome feminino	ba|ti|[bar]|ba
batibarbo	nome masculino	ba|ti|[bar]|bo
batição	nome feminino	ba|ti|[ção]
baticardia	nome feminino	ba|ti|car|[di]|a
baticum	nome masculino	ba|ti|[cum]
batida	nome feminino	ba|[ti]|da
batido	adjetivo	ba|[ti]|do
batido	nome masculino	ba|[ti]|do
batigrafia	nome feminino	ba|ti|gra|[fi]|a
batilhar	verbo	ba|ti|[lhar]
batimento	nome masculino	ba|ti|[men]|to
batimetria	nome feminino	ba|ti|me|[tri]|a
batimétrico	adjetivo	ba|ti|[mé]|tri|co
batímetro	nome masculino	ba|[tí]|me|tro
batina	nome feminino	ba|[ti]|na
batinga	nome feminino	ba|[tin]|ga
batinguacá	nome feminino	ba|tin|gua|[cá]
batipelágico	adjetivo	ba|ti|pe|[lá]|gi|co
batiputá	nome masculino	ba|ti|pu|[tá]
batique	nome masculino	ba|[ti]|que
batíscafo	nome masculino	ba|[tís]|ca|fo
batiscafo	nome masculino	ba|tis|[ca]|fo
batisfera	nome feminino	ba|tis|[fe]|ra
batisférico	adjetivo	ba|tis|[fé]|ri|co
batismal	adjetivo	ba|tis|[mal]
batismo	nome masculino	ba|[tis]|mo
batissauro	nome masculino	ba|tis|[sau]|ro
batissela	nome masculino	ba|tis|[se]|la
batista	adjetivo	ba|[tis]|ta
batista	nome masculino	ba|[tis]|ta
batista	nome feminino	ba|[tis]|ta
batistério	nome masculino	ba|tis|[té]|ri|o
batistino	adjetivo	ba|tis|[ti]|no
batível	adjetivo	ba|[tí]|vel
batizado	adjetivo	ba|ti|[za]|do
batizado	nome masculino	ba|ti|[za]|do
batizamento	nome masculino	ba|ti|za|[men]|to
batizando	nome masculino	ba|ti|[zan]|do
batizante	adjetivo	ba|ti|[zan]|te
batizante	nome masculino	ba|ti|[zan]|te
batizante	nome feminino	ba|ti|[zan]|te
batizar	verbo	ba|ti|[zar]
batizo	nome masculino	ba|[ti]|zo
bato	nome masculino	[ba]|to
batoca	nome feminino	ba|[to]|ca
batoca	adjetivo	ba|[to]|ca
batocada	nome feminino	ba|to|[ca]|da
batocaduras	nome feminino	ba|to|ca|[du]|ras
batocar	verbo	ba|to|[car]
batoco	nome masculino	ba|[to]|co
batofobia	nome feminino	ba|to|fo|[bi]|a
batofóbico	nome masculino	ba|to|[fó]|bi|co
batofóbico	adjetivo	ba|to|[fó]|bi|co
batófobo	adjetivo	ba|[tó]|fo|bo
batófobo	nome masculino	ba|[tó]|fo|bo
batografia	nome feminino	ba|to|gra|[fi]|a
batográfico	adjetivo	ba|to|[grá]|fi|co
batógrafo	nome masculino	ba|[tó]|gra|fo
batólito	nome masculino	ba|[tó]|li|to
batologia	nome feminino	ba|to|lo|[gi]|a
