bem-me-quer	nome masculino	[bem-me-quer]
bem-merecer	verbo	bem-me|re|[cer]
bem-nado	adjetivo	bem-na|do
bem-nascido	adjetivo	bem-nas|[ci]|do
bem-parado	adjetivo	bem-pa|[ra]|do
bem-parecido	adjetivo	bem-pa|re|[ci]|do
bem-posto	adjetivo	bem-pos|to
bem-querente	adjetivo	bem-que|[ren]|te
bem-querer	verbo	bem-que|[rer]
bem-querer	nome masculino	bem-que|[rer]
bem-sabido	adjetivo	bem-sa|[bi]|do
bem-sabido	nome masculino	bem-sa|[bi]|do
bem-soante	adjetivo	bem-so|[an]|te
bem-sonância	nome feminino	bem-so|[nân]|ci|a
bem-sonante	adjetivo	bem-so|[nan]|te
bem-talhado	adjetivo	bem-ta|[lha]|do
bem-te-vi	nome masculino	[bem-te-vi]
bem-te-vi	nome masculino	[bem-te-vi]
bem-temente	adjetivo	bem-te|[men]|te
bem-trajado	adjetivo	bem-tra|[ja]|do
bem-vestir	nome masculino	bem-ves|[tir]
bem-vindo	adjetivo	bem-vin|do
bem-visto	adjetivo	bem-vis|to
bemba	nome feminino	[bem]|ba
bemol	nome masculino	be|[mol]
bemolado	adjetivo	be|mo|[la]|do
bemolar	verbo	be|mo|[lar]
bemolizar	verbo	be|mo|li|[zar]
bemposta	nome feminino	bem|[pos]|ta
benacense	adjetivo	be|na|[cen]|se
benacense	nome masculino	be|na|[cen]|se
benacense	nome feminino	be|na|[cen]|se
benaventense	adjetivo	be|na|ven|[ten]|se
benaventense	nome masculino	be|na|ven|[ten]|se
benaventense	nome feminino	be|na|ven|[ten]|se
benaventina	nome feminino	be|na|ven|[ti]|na
benaventino	nome masculino	be|na|ven|[ti]|no
benaventino	adjetivo	be|na|ven|[ti]|no
bênção	nome feminino	[bên]|ção
bênção-de-deus	nome feminino	bên|ção-de-deus
benchmarking	nome masculino	bench|mar|king
benco	nome masculino	[ben]|co
bênçoa	nome feminino	[bên]|ço|a
bençoar	verbo	ben|ço|[ar]
bencu	nome feminino	ben|[cu]
bendencha	nome feminino	ben|[den]|cha
bendenguê	nome masculino	ben|den|[guê]
bendeucha	nome masculino	ben|[deu]|cha
bendição	nome feminino	ben|di|[ção]
bendidio	adjetivo	ben|di|[di]|o
bendito	nome masculino	ben|[di]|to
bendito	adjetivo	ben|[di]|to
bendizer	verbo	ben|di|[zer]
benedictus	nome masculino	be|ne|dic|[tus]
benedita	nome feminino	be|ne|[di]|ta
beneditina	nome feminino	be|ne|di|[ti]|na
beneditino	adjetivo	be|ne|di|[ti]|no
beneditino	nome masculino	be|ne|di|[ti]|no
beneditismo	nome masculino	be|ne|di|[tis]|mo
benedito	nome masculino	be|ne|[di]|to
benefe	nome feminino	be|[ne]|fe
beneficamente	advérbio	be|ne|fi|ca|[men]|te
beneficência	nome feminino	be|ne|fi|[cên]|ci|a
beneficente	adjetivo	be|ne|fi|[cen]|te
beneficentíssimo	adjetivo	be|ne|fi|cen|[tís]|si|mo
beneficiação	nome feminino	be|ne|fi|ci|a|[ção]
beneficiada	nome feminino	be|ne|fi|ci|[a]|da
beneficiado	nome masculino	be|ne|fi|ci|[a]|do
beneficiado	adjetivo	be|ne|fi|ci|[a]|do
beneficiador	adjetivo	be|ne|fi|ci|a|[dor]
beneficiador	nome masculino	be|ne|fi|ci|a|[dor]
beneficiadora	nome feminino	be|ne|fi|ci|a|[do]|ra
beneficial	adjetivo	be|ne|fi|ci|[al]
beneficiamento	nome masculino	be|ne|fi|ci|a|[men]|to
beneficiar	verbo	be|ne|fi|ci|[ar]
beneficiária	nome feminino	be|ne|fi|ci|[á]|ri|a
beneficiário	adjetivo	be|ne|fi|ci|[á]|ri|o
beneficiário	nome masculino	be|ne|fi|ci|[á]|ri|o
beneficiável	adjetivo	be|ne|fi|ci|[á]|vel
benefício	nome masculino	be|ne|[fí]|ci|o
beneficiosamente	advérbio	be|ne|fi|ci|o|sa|[men]|te
beneficioso	adjetivo	be|ne|fi|ci|[o]|so
benéfico	adjetivo	be|[né]|fi|co
benemerência	nome feminino	be|ne|me|[rên]|ci|a
benemerente	adjetivo	be|ne|me|[ren]|te
benemerente	nome masculino	be|ne|me|[ren]|te
benemerente	nome feminino	be|ne|me|[ren]|te
benemérita	nome feminino	be|ne|[mé]|ri|ta
benemeritamente	advérbio	be|ne|me|ri|ta|[men]|te
benemérito	adjetivo	be|ne|[mé]|ri|to
benemérito	nome masculino	be|ne|[mé]|ri|to
beneplácito	nome masculino	be|ne|[plá]|ci|to
benesse	nome feminino	be|[nes]|se
beneventano	nome masculino	be|ne|ven|[ta]|no
beneventano	adjetivo	be|ne|ven|[ta]|no
benevolamente	advérbio	be|ne|vo|la|[men]|te
benevolência	nome feminino	be|ne|vo|[lên]|ci|a
benevolente	adjetivo	be|ne|vo|[len]|te
benevolentemente	advérbio	be|ne|vo|len|te|[men]|te
benevolentíssimo	adjetivo	be|ne|vo|len|[tís]|si|mo
