bacuparizeiro	nome masculino	ba|cu|pa|ri|[zei]|ro
bacurau	nome masculino	ba|cu|[rau]
bacuri	adjetivo	ba|cu|[ri]
bacuri	nome masculino	ba|cu|[ri]
bacuri	nome feminino	ba|cu|[ri]
bacuripari	nome masculino	ba|cu|ri|pa|[ri]
bacurizeiro	nome masculino	ba|cu|ri|[zei]|ro
bacurubu	nome masculino	ba|cu|ru|[bu]
bada	nome feminino	[ba]|da
badagaio	nome masculino	ba|da|[gai]|o
badaje	nome masculino	ba|[da]|je
badal	nome masculino	ba|[dal]
badala	nome feminino	ba|[da]|la
badalada	nome feminino	ba|da|[la]|da
badalado	adjetivo	ba|da|[la]|do
badalão	nome masculino	ba|da|[lão]
badalar	verbo	ba|da|[lar]
badalativo	adjetivo	ba|da|la|[ti]|vo
badaleira	nome feminino	ba|da|[lei]|ra
badaleiro	nome masculino	ba|da|[lei]|ro
badalejar	verbo	ba|da|le|[jar]
badalejo	nome masculino	ba|da|[le]|jo
badalhó	nome masculino	ba|da|[lhó]
badalhoca	nome feminino	ba|da|[lho]|ca
badalhocar	verbo	ba|da|lho|[car]
badalhoco	adjetivo	ba|da|[lho]|co
badalhoco	nome masculino	ba|da|[lho]|co
badalo	nome masculino	ba|[da]|lo
badame	nome masculino	ba|[da]|me
badameco	nome masculino	ba|da|[me]|co
badana	nome masculino	ba|[da]|na
badana	nome feminino	ba|[da]|na
badanagem	nome feminino	ba|da|[na]|gem
badanal	nome masculino	ba|da|[nal]
badanar	verbo	ba|da|[nar]
badanau	nome masculino	ba|da|[nau]
badano	nome masculino	ba|[da]|no
badante	adjetivo	ba|[dan]|te
badega	adjetivo	ba|[de]|ga
badejete	nome masculino	ba|de|[je]|te
badejo	nome masculino	ba|[de]|jo
badele	nome masculino	ba|[de]|le
baderna	nome feminino	ba|[der]|na
badernar	verbo	ba|der|[nar]
baderneira	nome feminino	ba|der|[nei]|ra
baderneiro	nome masculino	ba|der|[nei]|ro
baderneiro	adjetivo	ba|der|[nei]|ro
badge	nome masculino	[bad]|ge
badia	nome feminino	ba|[di]|a
badiana	nome feminino	ba|di|[a]|na
badião	nome masculino	ba|di|[ão]
badil	nome masculino	ba|[dil]
badine	nome feminino	ba|[di]|ne
badio	nome masculino	ba|[di]|o
badio	adjetivo	ba|[di]|o
badmínton	nome masculino	bad|[mín]|ton
badminton	nome masculino	bad|min|ton
badorar	verbo	ba|do|[rar]
badua	nome feminino	ba|[du]|a
badulaque	nome masculino	ba|du|[la]|que
bádur	nome masculino	[bá]|dur
baé	adjetivo	ba|[é]
baé	nome masculino	ba|[é]
baeco	adjetivo	ba|[e]|co
baeta	nome feminino	ba|[e]|ta
baeta	nome masculino	ba|[e]|ta
baetal	adjetivo	ba|e|[tal]
baetão	nome masculino	ba|e|[tão]
baetilha	nome feminino	ba|e|[ti]|lha
baeúna	adjetivo	ba|e|[ú]|na
baeúna	nome masculino	ba|e|[ú]|na
baeúna	nome feminino	ba|e|[ú]|na
bafa	nome feminino	[ba]|fa
bafado	adjetivo	ba|[fa]|do
bafafá	nome masculino	ba|fa|[fá]
bafagem	nome feminino	ba|[fa]|gem
bafar	verbo	ba|[far]
bafareira	nome feminino	ba|fa|[rei]|ra
bafari	nome masculino	ba|fa|[ri]
bafassá	nome masculino	ba|fas|[sá]
bafatório	nome masculino	ba|fa|[tó]|ri|o
bafejado	adjetivo	ba|fe|[ja]|do
bafejador	adjetivo	ba|fe|ja|[dor]
bafejador	nome masculino	ba|fe|ja|[dor]
bafejante	adjetivo	ba|fe|[jan]|te
bafejar	verbo	ba|fe|[jar]
bafejo	nome masculino	ba|[fe]|jo
bafiento	adjetivo	ba|fi|[en]|to
bafio	nome masculino	ba|[fi]|o
bafo	nome masculino	[ba]|fo
bafómetro	nome masculino	ba|[fó]|me|tro
bafômetro	nome masculino	ba|[fô]|me|tro
baforada	nome feminino	ba|fo|[ra]|da
baforar	verbo	ba|fo|[rar]
baforda	nome feminino	ba|[for]|da
bafordar	verbo	ba|for|[dar]
bafordo	nome masculino	ba|[for]|do
baforeira	nome feminino	ba|fo|[rei]|ra
baforeiro	adjetivo	ba|fo|[rei]|ro
baftório	nome masculino	baf|[tó]|ri|o
