benévolo	adjetivo	be|[né]|vo|lo
benfazejo	adjetivo	ben|fa|[ze]|jo
benfeito	adjetivo	ben|[fei]|to
benfeito	nome masculino	ben|[fei]|to
benfeitor	adjetivo	ben|fei|[tor]
benfeitor	nome masculino	ben|fei|[tor]
benfeitora	nome feminino	ben|fei|[to]|ra
benfeitoria	nome feminino	ben|fei|to|[ri]|a
benfeitorizar	verbo	ben|fei|to|ri|[zar]
benfiquista	adjetivo	ben|fi|[quis]|ta
benfiquista	nome masculino	ben|fi|[quis]|ta
benfiquista	nome feminino	ben|fi|[quis]|ta
bengala	nome feminino	ben|[ga]|la
bengala	nome masculino	ben|[ga]|la
bengala	adjetivo	ben|[ga]|la
bengalada	nome feminino	ben|ga|[la]|da
bengalão	nome masculino	ben|ga|[lão]
bengaleira	nome feminino	ben|ga|[lei]|ra
bengaleiro	nome masculino	ben|ga|[lei]|ro
bengalês	nome masculino	ben|ga|[lês]
bengalês	adjetivo	ben|ga|[lês]
bengalesa	nome feminino	ben|ga|[le]|sa
bengali	adjetivo	ben|ga|[li]
bengali	nome masculino	ben|ga|[li]
bengali	nome feminino	ben|ga|[li]
bengalinha	nome feminino	ben|ga|[li]|nha
bengalório	nome masculino	ben|ga|[ló]|ri|o
bengasiana	nome feminino	ben|ga|si|[a]|na
bengasiano	adjetivo	ben|ga|si|[a]|no
bengasiano	nome masculino	ben|ga|si|[a]|no
bengo	nome masculino	[ben]|go
bengue	nome masculino	[ben]|gue
bengue-de-obó	nome masculino	ben|gue-de-o|[bó]
benguedóxi	nome masculino	ben|gue|[dó]|xi
benguela	adjetivo	ben|[gue]|la
benguela	nome masculino	ben|[gue]|la
benguela	nome feminino	ben|[gue]|la
benguelense	adjetivo	ben|gue|[len]|se
benguelense	nome masculino	ben|gue|[len]|se
benguelense	nome feminino	ben|gue|[len]|se
benhenhir	verbo	be|nhe|[nhir]
benignamente	advérbio	be|nig|na|[men]|te
benignidade	nome feminino	be|nig|ni|[da]|de
benigno	adjetivo	be|[nig]|no
beninense	nome masculino	be|ni|[nen]|se
beninense	adjetivo	be|ni|[nen]|se
beninense	nome feminino	be|ni|[nen]|se
beninês	adjetivo	be|ni|[nês]
beninês	nome masculino	be|ni|[nês]
beninesa	nome feminino	be|ni|[ne]|sa
benino	adjetivo	be|[ni]|no
benjamim	nome masculino	ben|ja|[mim]
benjoeiro	nome masculino	ben|jo|[ei]|ro
benjoim	nome masculino	ben|jo|[im]
benjoínico	adjetivo	ben|jo|[í]|ni|co
benodáctilo	adjetivo	be|no|[dác]|ti|lo
benodátilo	adjetivo	be|no|[dá]|ti|lo
benquerença	nome feminino	ben|que|[ren]|ça
benqueria	nome feminino	ben|que|[ri]|a
benquistar	verbo	ben|quis|[tar]
benquisto	adjetivo	ben|[quis]|to
benta	nome feminino	[ben]|ta
bentana	nome feminino	ben|[ta]|na
bentém	nome masculino	ben|[tém]
bentererê	nome masculino	ben|te|re|[rê]
benthâmia	nome feminino	bent|[hâ]|mi|a
benthamismo	nome masculino	bent|ha|[mis]|mo
benthamista	adjetivo	bent|ha|[mis]|ta
benthamista	nome masculino	bent|ha|[mis]|ta
benthamista	nome feminino	bent|ha|[mis]|ta
bentidade	nome feminino	ben|ti|[da]|de
bentinho	nome masculino	ben|[ti]|nho
bentinhos	nome masculino	ben|[ti]|nhos
bento	nome masculino	[ben]|to
bento	adjetivo	[ben]|to
bentos	nome masculino	[ben]|tos
benzamida	nome feminino	ben|za|[mi]|da
benzedeira	nome feminino	ben|ze|[dei]|ra
benzedeiro	nome masculino	ben|ze|[dei]|ro
benzedela	nome feminino	ben|ze|[de]|la
benzedor	adjetivo	ben|ze|[dor]
benzedor	nome masculino	ben|ze|[dor]
benzedora	nome feminino	ben|ze|[do]|ra
benzedura	nome feminino	ben|ze|[du]|ra
benzénico	adjetivo	ben|[zé]|ni|co
benzênico	adjetivo	ben|[zê]|ni|co
benzeno	nome masculino	ben|[ze]|no
benzenossulfónico	adjetivo	ben|ze|nos|sul|[fó]|ni|co
benzenossulfônico	adjetivo	ben|ze|nos|sul|[fô]|ni|co
benzer	verbo	ben|[zer]
benzidina	nome feminino	ben|zi|[di]|na
benzido	adjetivo	ben|[zi]|do
benzilhão	nome masculino	ben|zi|[lhão]
benzilheira	nome feminino	ben|zi|[lhei]|ra
benzílico	adjetivo	ben|[zí]|li|co
benzilo	nome masculino	ben|[zi]|lo
benzimento	nome masculino	ben|zi|[men]|to
benzina	nome feminino	ben|[zi]|na
benzinho-amor	nome masculino	ben|zi|nho-a|[mor]
benzinismo	nome masculino	ben|zi|[nis]|mo
