benzoato	nome masculino	ben|zo|[a]|to
benzocaína	nome feminino	ben|zo|ca|[í]|na
benzodiazepina	nome feminino	ben|zo|di|a|ze|[pi]|na
benzoflavina	nome feminino	ben|zo|fla|[vi]|na
benzoico	adjetivo	ben|[zoi]|co
benzoína	nome feminino	ben|zo|[í]|na
benzol	nome masculino	ben|[zol]
benzola	nome feminino	ben|[zo]|la
benzolina	nome feminino	ben|zo|[li]|na
benzona	nome feminino	ben|[zo]|na
benzonaftol	nome masculino	ben|zo|naf|[tol]
benzonitrato	nome masculino	ben|zo|ni|[tra]|to
benzopireno	nome masculino	ben|zo|pi|[re]|no
benzossulfónico	adjetivo	ben|zos|sul|[fó]|ni|co
beócia	nome feminino	be|[ó]|ci|a
beócio	nome masculino	be|[ó]|ci|o
beócio	adjetivo	be|[ó]|ci|o
beotarca	nome masculino	be|o|[tar]|ca
beótico	adjetivo	be|[ó]|ti|co
beótico	nome masculino	be|[ó]|ti|co
beoto	adjetivo	be|[o]|to
beoto	nome masculino	be|[o]|to
bequadro	nome masculino	be|[qua]|dro
beque	nome masculino	[be]|que
béquico	adjetivo	[bé]|qui|co
béquico	nome masculino	[bé]|qui|co
bera	adjetivo	[be]|ra
berbequim	nome masculino	ber|be|[quim]
bérbere	nome feminino	[bér]|be|re
berbere	nome masculino	ber|[be]|re
berbere	adjetivo	ber|[be]|re
berbere	nome feminino	ber|[be]|re
berberesco	adjetivo	ber|be|[res]|co
berbérico	adjetivo	ber|[bé]|ri|co
berberidácea	nome feminino	ber|be|ri|[dá]|ce|a
berberidáceo	adjetivo	ber|be|ri|[dá]|ce|o
berberina	nome feminino	ber|be|[ri]|na
bérberis	nome feminino	[bér]|be|ris
berberisco	adjetivo	ber|be|[ris]|co
berberônico	adjetivo	ber|be|[rô]|ni|co
berberónico	adjetivo	ber|be|[ró]|ni|co
berbicacho	nome masculino	ber|bi|[ca]|cho
berbigão	nome masculino	ber|bi|[gão]
berbigoeira	nome feminino	ber|bi|go|[ei]|ra
berbim	nome masculino	ber|[bim]
berça	nome feminino	[ber]|ça
berçário	nome masculino	ber|[çá]|ri|o
berceuse	nome feminino	ber|ceu|se
berço	nome masculino	[ber]|ço
berçudo	adjetivo	ber|[çu]|do
berebé	nome masculino	be|re|[bé]
berecíncio	adjetivo	be|re|[cín]|ci|o
berecinte	adjetivo	be|re|[cin]|te
berecinte	nome masculino	be|re|[cin]|te
berecinte	nome feminino	be|re|[cin]|te
bereeu	adjetivo	be|re|[eu]
bereeu	nome masculino	be|re|[eu]
berenguendém	nome masculino	be|ren|guen|[dém]
bereré	nome masculino	be|re|[ré]
bergadinha	nome feminino	ber|ga|[di]|nha
bergamasca	nome feminino	ber|ga|[mas]|ca
bergamasco	adjetivo	ber|ga|[mas]|co
bergamasco	nome masculino	ber|ga|[mas]|co
bergamota	nome feminino	ber|ga|[mo]|ta
berganhar	verbo	ber|ga|[nhar]
bergantim	nome masculino	ber|gan|[tim]
bergela	nome feminino	ber|[ge]|la
bergistano	adjetivo	ber|gis|[ta]|no
bergistano	nome masculino	ber|gis|[ta]|no
bergmaniano	adjetivo	berg|ma|ni|[a]|no
bergomate	adjetivo	ber|go|[ma]|te
bergomate	nome masculino	ber|go|[ma]|te
bergomate	nome feminino	ber|go|[ma]|te
bergsoniano	adjetivo	berg|so|ni|[a]|no
bergsonismo	nome masculino	berg|so|[nis]|mo
bergsonista	adjetivo	berg|so|[nis]|ta
bergsonista	nome masculino	berg|so|[nis]|ta
bergsonista	nome feminino	berg|so|[nis]|ta
bergsonístico	adjetivo	berg|so|[nís]|ti|co
beribá	nome masculino	be|ri|[bá]
beribada	nome feminino	be|ri|[ba]|da
beribéri	nome masculino	be|ri|[bé]|ri
beribérico	nome masculino	be|ri|[bé]|ri|co
beribérico	adjetivo	be|ri|[bé]|ri|co
beriberígeno	adjetivo	be|ri|be|[rí]|ge|no
beriberizar	verbo	be|ri|be|ri|[zar]
berícida	nome masculino	be|[rí]|ci|da
bericídeo	nome masculino	be|ri|[cí]|de|o
bericídeo	adjetivo	be|ri|[cí]|de|o
berício	adjetivo	be|[rí]|ci|o
berício	nome masculino	be|[rí]|ci|o
beriçó	nome masculino	be|ri|[çó]
berilino	adjetivo	be|ri|[li]|no
berílio	nome masculino	be|[rí]|li|o
berilo	nome masculino	be|[ri]|lo
berimbau	nome masculino	be|rim|[bau]
beringela	nome feminino	be|rin|[ge]|la
berivá	nome masculino	be|ri|[vá]
berivada	nome feminino	be|ri|[va]|da
berjassote	nome masculino	ber|jas|[so]|te
