berkelianismo	nome masculino	ber|ke|li|a|nis|mo
berkeliano	adjetivo	ber|ke|li|a|no
berkélio	nome masculino	ber|ké|li|o
berlengas	nome feminino	ber|[len]|gas
berlengueiro	adjetivo	ber|len|[guei]|ro
berlengueiro	nome masculino	ber|len|[guei]|ro
berlinda	nome feminino	ber|[lin]|da
berlinde	nome masculino	ber|[lin]|de
berlinense	nome masculino	ber|li|[nen]|se
berlinense	adjetivo	ber|li|[nen]|se
berlinense	nome feminino	ber|li|[nen]|se
berlinês	adjetivo	ber|li|[nês]
berlinês	nome masculino	ber|li|[nês]
berlínia	nome feminino	ber|[lí]|ni|a
berliques	nome masculino	ber|[li]|ques
berloque	nome masculino	ber|[lo]|que
berma	nome feminino	[ber]|ma
bermuda	nome feminino	ber|[mu]|da
bermudas	nome feminino	ber|[mu]|das
bermudense	adjetivo	ber|mu|[den]|se
bermudense	nome masculino	ber|mu|[den]|se
bermudense	nome feminino	ber|mu|[den]|se
bermudês	adjetivo	ber|mu|[dês]
bermudês	nome masculino	ber|mu|[dês]
bernaca	nome feminino	ber|[na]|ca
bernacho	nome masculino	ber|[na]|cho
bernarda	nome feminino	ber|[nar]|da
bernardesco	adjetivo	ber|nar|[des]|co
bernardiano	adjetivo	ber|nar|di|[a]|no
bernardice	nome feminino	ber|nar|[di]|ce
bernardo	nome masculino	ber|[nar]|do
bernardo	adjetivo	ber|[nar]|do
bernardo-eremita	nome masculino	ber|nar|do-e|re|[mi]|ta
bernás	nome masculino	ber|[nás]
berne	nome masculino	[ber]|ne
bernear	verbo	ber|ne|[ar]
bernense	adjetivo	ber|[nen]|se
bernense	nome masculino	ber|[nen]|se
bernense	nome feminino	ber|[nen]|se
bernento	adjetivo	ber|[nen]|to
bernês	nome masculino	ber|[nês]
bernês	adjetivo	ber|[nês]
bernesa	nome feminino	ber|[ne]|sa
bernicha	nome feminino	ber|[ni]|cha
bernicida	nome masculino	ber|ni|[ci]|da
bérnio	nome masculino	[bér]|ni|o
beroba	nome feminino	be|[ro]|ba
beroide	nome masculino	be|[roi]|de
beroídeos	nome masculino	be|ro|[í]|de|os
berôncio	nome masculino	be|[rôn]|ci|o
beroso	nome masculino	be|[ro]|so
berquélio	nome masculino	ber|[qué]|li|o
berra	nome feminino	[ber]|ra
berração	nome feminino	ber|ra|[ção]
berrador	adjetivo	ber|ra|[dor]
berrador	nome masculino	ber|ra|[dor]
berradora	nome feminino	ber|ra|[do]|ra
berradura	nome feminino	ber|ra|[du]|ra
berrante	adjetivo	ber|[ran]|te
berrante	nome masculino	ber|[ran]|te
berrantemente	advérbio	ber|ran|te|[men]|te
berrão	nome masculino	ber|[rão]
berrar	verbo	ber|[rar]
berraria	nome feminino	ber|ra|[ri]|a
berrata	nome feminino	ber|[ra]|ta
berratório	nome masculino	ber|ra|[tó]|ri|o
berrega	nome feminino	ber|[re]|ga
berrega	adjetivo	ber|[re]|ga
berrega	nome masculino	ber|[re]|ga
berregador	adjetivo	ber|re|ga|[dor]
berregador	nome masculino	ber|re|ga|[dor]
berregar	verbo	ber|re|[gar]
berregaria	nome feminino	ber|re|ga|[ri]|a
berrego	nome masculino	ber|[re]|go
berreiro	nome masculino	ber|[rei]|ro
berrida	nome feminino	ber|[ri]|da
berro	nome masculino	[ber]|ro
berroa	nome feminino	ber|[ro]|a
berrona	nome feminino	ber|[ro]|na
bersalher	nome masculino	ber|sa|[lher]
bertalha	nome feminino	ber|[ta]|lha
bertanjil	nome masculino	ber|tan|[jil]
bertéroa	nome feminino	ber|[té]|ro|a
bertioga	nome feminino	ber|ti|[o]|ga
bertoldice	nome feminino	ber|tol|[di]|ce
bertoldo	nome masculino	ber|[tol]|do
beruanha	nome feminino	be|ru|[a]|nha
berzabum	nome masculino	ber|za|[bum]
berzélia	nome feminino	ber|[zé]|li|a
berzelite	nome feminino	ber|ze|[li]|te
berzélito	nome masculino	ber|[zé]|li|to
berzunda	nome feminino	ber|[zun]|da
berzundela	nome feminino	ber|zun|[de]|la
besantar	verbo	be|san|[tar]
besante	nome masculino	be|[san]|te
bescoço	nome masculino	bes|[co]|ço
besigue	nome masculino	be|[si]|gue
besoirar	verbo	be|soi|[rar]
besoiro	nome masculino	be|[soi]|ro
besouragem	nome feminino	be|sou|[ra]|gem
