bafum	nome masculino	ba|[fum]
bafurdar	verbo	ba|fur|[dar]
bafúrdio	nome masculino	ba|[fúr]|di|o
bafureira	nome feminino	ba|fu|[rei]|ra
baga	nome feminino	[ba]|ga
baga-baga	nome feminino	ba|ga-ba|ga
baga-da-praia	nome feminino	ba|ga-da-prai|a
bagabaga	nome feminino	ba|ga|[ba]|ga
bagaçada	nome feminino	ba|ga|[ça]|da
bagaçal	nome masculino	ba|ga|[çal]
bagaçaria	nome feminino	ba|ga|ça|[ri]|a
bagaceira	adjetivo	ba|ga|[cei]|ra
bagaceira	nome feminino	ba|ga|[cei]|ra
bagaceiro	nome masculino	ba|ga|[cei]|ro
bagaceiro	adjetivo	ba|ga|[cei]|ro
bagaço	nome masculino	ba|[ga]|ço
bagada	nome feminino	ba|[ga]|da
bagado	adjetivo	ba|[ga]|do
bagageira	nome feminino	ba|ga|[gei]|ra
bagageiro	nome masculino	ba|ga|[gei]|ro
bagageiro	adjetivo	ba|ga|[gei]|ro
bagagem	nome feminino	ba|[ga]|gem
bagagista	nome masculino	ba|ga|[gis]|ta
bagagista	nome feminino	ba|ga|[gis]|ta
bagalhão	nome masculino	ba|ga|[lhão]
bagalho	nome masculino	ba|[ga]|lho
bagalhoça	nome feminino	ba|ga|[lho]|ça
bagalhudo	adjetivo	ba|ga|[lhu]|do
bagana	nome feminino	ba|[ga]|na
baganda	nome masculino	ba|[gan]|da
baganda	nome feminino	ba|[gan]|da
baganha	nome feminino	ba|[ga]|nha
baganho	nome masculino	ba|[ga]|nho
bagar	verbo	ba|[gar]
bagarote	nome masculino	ba|ga|[ro]|te
bagata	nome feminino	ba|[ga]|ta
bagata	nome masculino	ba|[ga]|ta
bagatela	nome feminino	ba|ga|[te]|la
bagateleiro	nome masculino	ba|ga|te|[lei]|ro
bagatelório	nome masculino	ba|ga|te|[ló]|ri|o
bagauda	adjetivo	ba|[gau]|da
bagauda	nome masculino	ba|[gau]|da
bagauda	nome feminino	ba|[gau]|da
bagdali	nome masculino	bag|da|[li]
bagdali	adjetivo	bag|da|[li]
bagdali	nome feminino	bag|da|[li]
bage	nome feminino	[ba]|ge
bagear	verbo	ba|ge|[ar]
bagem	nome feminino	[ba]|gem
bagi	nome masculino	ba|[gi]
bago	nome masculino	[ba]|go
bago-grosso	nome masculino	ba|go-gros|so
bágoa	nome feminino	[bá]|go|a
bagoado	adjetivo	ba|go|[a]|do
bagocho	nome masculino	ba|[go]|cho
bagoeira	nome feminino	ba|go|[ei]|ra
bagoeirada	nome feminino	ba|go|ei|[ra]|da
bagoinha	nome feminino	ba|go|[i]|nha
bagre	nome masculino	[ba]|gre
baguá	nome masculino	ba|[guá]
baguaçu	nome masculino	ba|gua|[çu]
bagual	adjetivo	ba|[gual]
bagual	nome masculino	ba|[gual]
bagual	nome feminino	ba|[gual]
bagualada	nome feminino	ba|gua|[la]|da
baguari	adjetivo	ba|gua|[ri]
baguari	nome masculino	ba|gua|[ri]
bagudo	nome masculino	ba|[gu]|do
bagudo	adjetivo	ba|[gu]|do
baguear	verbo	ba|gue|[ar]
baguera	nome feminino	ba|[gue]|ra
baguete	nome feminino	ba|[gue]|te
baguiche	nome masculino	ba|[gui]|che
baguim	nome masculino	ba|[guim]
baguixe	nome masculino	ba|[gui]|xe
bagulhado	adjetivo	ba|gu|[lha]|do
bagulhento	adjetivo	ba|gu|[lhen]|to
bagulho	nome masculino	ba|[gu]|lho
bagulhoso	adjetivo	ba|gu|[lho]|so
bagunça	nome feminino	ba|[gun]|ça
bagunçada	nome feminino	ba|gun|[ça]|da
bagunçado	adjetivo	ba|gun|[ça]|do
bagunçar	verbo	ba|gun|[çar]
baguncear	verbo	ba|gun|ce|[ar]
bagunceira	nome feminino	ba|gun|[cei]|ra
bagunceiro	nome masculino	ba|gun|[cei]|ro
bagunceiro	adjetivo	ba|gun|[cei]|ro
bahamense	nome masculino	ba|ha|[men]|se
bahamense	nome feminino	ba|ha|[men]|se
bahamense	adjetivo	ba|ha|[men]|se
bahamiano	adjetivo	ba|ha|mi|[a]|no
bahamiano	nome masculino	ba|ha|mi|[a]|no
baht	nome masculino	[baht]
bai	interjeição	[bai]
baia	nome feminino	[bai]|a
baía	nome feminino	ba|[í]|a
baiá	nome masculino	bai|[á]
baiacu	nome masculino	bai|a|[cu]
baiana	nome feminino	bai|[a]|na
baianada	nome feminino	bai|a|[na]|da
