bisbi	nome masculino	bis|[bi]
bisbilhante	adjetivo	bis|bi|[lhan]|te
bisbilhante	nome masculino	bis|bi|[lhan]|te
bisbilhante	nome feminino	bis|bi|[lhan]|te
bisbilhar	verbo	bis|bi|[lhar]
bisbilho	nome masculino	bis|[bi]|lho
bisbilhotar	verbo	bis|bi|lho|[tar]
bisbilhoteira	nome feminino	bis|bi|lho|[tei]|ra
bisbilhoteiro	nome masculino	bis|bi|lho|[tei]|ro
bisbilhoteiro	adjetivo	bis|bi|lho|[tei]|ro
bisbilhotice	nome feminino	bis|bi|lho|[ti]|ce
bisbórria	nome masculino	bis|[bór]|ri|a
bisbórria	nome feminino	bis|[bór]|ri|a
bisbórrias	nome feminino	bis|[bór]|ri|as
bisbórrias	nome masculino	bis|[bór]|ri|as
bisbórrio	nome masculino	bis|[bór]|ri|o
bisca	nome feminino	[bis]|ca
biscaia	nome feminino	bis|[cai]|a
biscainha	nome feminino	bis|ca|[i]|nha
biscainho	nome masculino	bis|ca|[i]|nho
biscainho	adjetivo	bis|ca|[i]|nho
biscaio	adjetivo	bis|[cai]|o
biscaio	nome masculino	bis|[cai]|o
biscalheira	nome feminino	bis|ca|[lhei]|ra
biscalho	nome masculino	bis|[ca]|lho
biscalongo	nome masculino	bis|ca|[lon]|go
biscantar	verbo	bis|can|[tar]
biscar	verbo	bis|[car]
biscatar	verbo	bis|ca|[tar]
biscate	nome masculino	bis|[ca]|te
biscateador	nome masculino	bis|ca|te|a|[dor]
biscatear	verbo	bis|ca|te|[ar]
biscateira	nome feminino	bis|ca|[tei]|ra
biscateiro	nome masculino	bis|ca|[tei]|ro
biscato	nome masculino	bis|[ca]|to
bisco	adjetivo	[bis]|co
biscoitada	nome feminino	bis|coi|[ta]|da
biscoitar	verbo	bis|coi|[tar]
biscoitaria	nome feminino	bis|coi|ta|[ri]|a
biscoiteira	nome feminino	bis|coi|[tei]|ra
biscoiteiro	nome masculino	bis|coi|[tei]|ro
biscoito	nome masculino	bis|[coi]|to
biscoutada	nome feminino	bis|cou|[ta]|da
biscoutar	verbo	bis|cou|[tar]
biscoutaria	nome feminino	bis|cou|ta|[ri]|a
biscouteira	nome feminino	bis|cou|[tei]|ra
biscouteiro	nome masculino	bis|cou|[tei]|ro
biscouto	nome masculino	bis|[cou]|to
bisegre	nome masculino	bi|[se]|gre
bisel	nome masculino	bi|[sel]
biselado	adjetivo	bi|se|[la]|do
biselador	adjetivo	bi|se|la|[dor]
biselador	nome masculino	bi|se|la|[dor]
biselamento	nome masculino	bi|se|la|[men]|to
biselar	verbo	bi|se|[lar]
bisesdrúxula	nome feminino	bi|ses|[drú]|xu|la
bisesdrúxulo	adjetivo	bi|ses|[drú]|xu|lo
bisga	nome feminino	[bis]|ga
bisgargitano	adjetivo	bis|gar|gi|[ta]|no
bisgargitano	nome masculino	bis|gar|gi|[ta]|no
bisma	nome masculino	[bis]|ma
bismálito	nome masculino	bis|[má]|li|to
bismarckiano	adjetivo	bis|marc|ki|[a]|no
bismarckismo	nome masculino	bis|marc|[kis]|mo
bismarckista	adjetivo	bis|marc|[kis]|ta
bismarckista	nome masculino	bis|marc|[kis]|ta
bismarckista	nome feminino	bis|marc|[kis]|ta
bismutado	adjetivo	bis|mu|[ta]|do
bismutato	nome masculino	bis|mu|[ta]|to
bismútico	adjetivo	bis|[mú]|ti|co
bismutina	nome feminino	bis|mu|[ti]|na
bismutinita	nome feminino	bis|mu|ti|[ni]|ta
bismutinite	nome feminino	bis|mu|ti|[ni]|te
bismutismo	nome masculino	bis|mu|[tis]|mo
bismutite	nome feminino	bis|mu|[ti]|te
bismuto	nome masculino	bis|[mu]|to
bismutoterapia	nome feminino	bis|mu|to|te|ra|[pi]|a
bismutoterápico	adjetivo	bis|mu|to|te|[rá]|pi|co
bisnaga	nome feminino	bis|[na]|ga
bisnagada	nome feminino	bis|na|[ga]|da
bisnagar	verbo	bis|na|[gar]
bisnato	adjetivo	bis|[na]|to
bisnau	adjetivo	bis|[nau]
bisnau	nome masculino	bis|[nau]
bisneiro	nome masculino	bis|[nei]|ro
bisneiro	adjetivo	bis|[nei]|ro
bisneta	nome feminino	bis|[ne]|ta
bisneto	nome masculino	bis|[ne]|to
bisonhamente	advérbio	bi|so|nha|[men]|te
bisonharia	nome feminino	bi|so|nha|[ri]|a
bisonhice	nome feminino	bi|so|[nhi]|ce
bisonho	adjetivo	bi|[so]|nho
bisonte	nome masculino	bi|[son]|te
bispado	nome masculino	bis|[pa]|do
bispal	adjetivo	bis|[pal]
bispar	verbo	bis|[par]
bispável	adjetivo	bis|[pá]|vel
bispo	nome masculino	[bis]|po
bispo-conde	nome masculino	bis|po-con|de
bispotada	nome feminino	bis|po|[ta]|da
