bólide	nome masculino	[bó]|li|de
bólido	nome masculino	[bó]|li|do
bolilo	nome masculino	bo|[li]|lo
bolilo	adjetivo	bo|[li]|lo
boliló	adjetivo	bo|li|[ló]
boliló	nome masculino	bo|li|[ló]
bolina	nome feminino	bo|[li]|na
bolinador	nome masculino	bo|li|na|[dor]
bolinagem	nome feminino	bo|li|[na]|gem
bolinar	verbo	bo|li|[nar]
bolineiro	adjetivo	bo|li|[nei]|ro
bolinete	nome masculino	bo|li|[ne]|te
bolinga	adjetivo	bo|[lin]|ga
bolinga	nome masculino	bo|[lin]|ga
bolinga	nome feminino	bo|[lin]|ga
bólingue	nome masculino	[bó]|lin|gue
bolinha	nome feminino	bo|[li]|nha
bolinho	nome masculino	bo|[li]|nho
bolinhol	nome masculino	bo|li|[nhol]
bolinholo	nome masculino	bo|li|[nho]|lo
bolitófago	nome masculino	bo|li|[tó]|fa|go
bolívar	nome masculino	bo|[lí]|var
boliviana	nome feminino	bo|li|vi|[a]|na
boliviano	adjetivo	bo|li|vi|[a]|no
boliviano	nome masculino	bo|li|vi|[a]|no
bolo	nome masculino	[bo]|lo
bolo-menino	nome masculino	bo|lo-me|[ni]|no
bolo-podre	nome masculino	bo|lo-po|dre
bolo-rei	nome masculino	bo|lo-rei
boloirar	verbo	bo|loi|[rar]
bolomancia	nome feminino	bo|lo|man|[ci]|a
bolomante	nome masculino	bo|lo|[man]|te
bolomante	nome feminino	bo|lo|[man]|te
bolomântico	adjetivo	bo|lo|[mân]|ti|co
bolometria	nome feminino	bo|lo|me|[tri]|a
bolômetro	nome masculino	bo|[lô]|me|tro
bolómetro	nome masculino	bo|[ló]|me|tro
bolonhês	nome masculino	bo|lo|[nhês]
bolonhês	adjetivo	bo|lo|[nhês]
bolonhesa	nome feminino	bo|lo|[nhe]|sa
bolônio	adjetivo	bo|[lô]|ni|o
bolônio	nome masculino	bo|[lô]|ni|o
bolónio	adjetivo	bo|[ló]|ni|o
bolónio	nome masculino	bo|[ló]|ni|o
bolor	nome masculino	bo|[lor]
bolorecer	verbo	bo|lo|re|[cer]
bolorência	nome feminino	bo|lo|[rên]|ci|a
bolorento	adjetivo	bo|lo|[ren]|to
bolota	nome feminino	bo|[lo]|ta
bolota-do-mar	nome feminino	bo|lo|ta-do-mar
bolotada	nome feminino	bo|lo|[ta]|da
bolotado	adjetivo	bo|lo|[ta]|do
bolotal	nome masculino	bo|lo|[tal]
bolote	nome masculino	bo|[lo]|te
bolourar	verbo	bo|lou|[rar]
bolsa	nome feminino	[bol]|sa
bolsa	nome masculino	[bol]|sa
bolsa-de-pastor	nome feminino	bol|sa-de-pas|[tor]
bolsada	nome feminino	bol|[sa]|da
bolsado	adjetivo	bol|[sa]|do
bolsão	nome masculino	bol|[são]
bolsar	verbo	bol|[sar]
bolsaria	nome feminino	bol|sa|[ri]|a
bolseira	nome feminino	bol|[sei]|ra
bolseirão	nome masculino	bol|sei|[rão]
bolseiro	nome masculino	bol|[sei]|ro
bolseiro	adjetivo	bol|[sei]|ro
bolselho	nome masculino	bol|[se]|lho
bolsim	nome masculino	bol|[sim]
bolsinho	nome masculino	bol|[si]|nho
bolsista	adjetivo	bol|[sis]|ta
bolsista	nome masculino	bol|[sis]|ta
bolsista	nome feminino	bol|[sis]|ta
bolsito	nome masculino	bol|[si]|to
bolso	nome masculino	[bol]|so
bolténia	nome feminino	bol|[té]|ni|a
boltênia	nome feminino	bol|[tê]|ni|a
boltónia	nome feminino	bol|[tó]|ni|a
boltônia	nome feminino	bol|[tô]|ni|a
bom	nome masculino	[bom]
bom	adjetivo	[bom]
bom	interjeição	[bom]
bom de bico	adjetivo	bom de bi|co
bom-bocado	nome masculino	bom-bo|[ca]|do
bom-é	nome masculino	[bom-é]
bom-nome	nome masculino	bom-no|me
bom-pastor	nome masculino	bom-pas|[tor]
bom-serás	nome masculino	bom-se|[rás]
bom-sucesso	nome masculino	bom-su|[ces]|so
bom-tom	nome masculino	[bom-tom]
bom-vedro	nome masculino	bom-ve|dro
bomba	nome feminino	[bom]|ba
bomba-enfeitada	nome feminino	bom|ba-en|fei|[ta]|da
bomba-relógio	nome feminino	bom|ba-re|[ló]|gi|o
bombaça	nome feminino	bom|[ba]|ça
bombacácea	nome feminino	bom|ba|[cá]|ce|a
bombacáceo	adjetivo	bom|ba|[cá]|ce|o
bombácea	nome feminino	bom|[bá]|ce|a
bombachas	nome feminino	bom|[ba]|chas
bombacho	nome masculino	bom|[ba]|cho
