borrachudo	adjetivo	bor|ra|[chu]|do
borrachudo	nome masculino	bor|ra|[chu]|do
borrada	nome feminino	bor|[ra]|da
borradela	nome feminino	bor|ra|[de]|la
borrado	adjetivo	bor|[ra]|do
borrador	nome masculino	bor|ra|[dor]
borrador	adjetivo	bor|ra|[dor]
borradora	nome feminino	bor|ra|[do]|ra
borradura	nome feminino	bor|ra|[du]|ra
borragem	nome feminino	bor|[ra]|gem
borraginácea	nome feminino	bor|ra|gi|[ná]|ce|a
borragíneo	adjetivo	bor|ra|[gí]|ne|o
borraginoso	adjetivo	bor|ra|gi|[no]|so
borraina	nome feminino	bor|[rai]|na
borralha	nome feminino	bor|[ra]|lha
borralheira	nome feminino	bor|ra|[lhei]|ra
borralheiro	nome masculino	bor|ra|[lhei]|ro
borralheiro	adjetivo	bor|ra|[lhei]|ro
borralhento	adjetivo	bor|ra|[lhen]|to
borralho	nome masculino	bor|[ra]|lho
borralho	adjetivo	bor|[ra]|lho
borrão	nome masculino	bor|[rão]
borrar	verbo	bor|[rar]
borrasca	nome feminino	bor|[ras]|ca
borrascoso	adjetivo	bor|ras|[co]|so
borrasqueiro	nome masculino	bor|ras|[quei]|ro
borratada	nome feminino	bor|ra|[ta]|da
borratão	nome masculino	bor|ra|[tão]
borratar	verbo	bor|ra|[tar]
borrazeira	nome feminino	bor|ra|[zei]|ra
borrefa	nome feminino	bor|[re]|fa
borrega	nome feminino	bor|[re]|ga
borregada	nome feminino	bor|re|[ga]|da
borregar	verbo	bor|re|[gar]
borrego	nome masculino	bor|[re]|go
borregueiro	nome masculino	bor|re|[guei]|ro
borreguice	nome feminino	bor|re|[gui]|ce
borreira	adjetivo	bor|[rei]|ra
borreiro	nome masculino	bor|[rei]|ro
borrejo	nome masculino	bor|[re]|jo
borrelho	nome masculino	bor|[re]|lho
borrento	adjetivo	bor|[ren]|to
borréria	nome feminino	bor|[ré]|ri|a
borriçar	verbo	bor|ri|[çar]
borriceira	nome feminino	bor|ri|[cei]|ra
borriceiro	nome masculino	bor|ri|[cei]|ro
borriço	nome masculino	bor|[ri]|ço
borrifadela	nome feminino	bor|ri|fa|[de]|la
borrifado	adjetivo	bor|ri|[fa]|do
borrifador	nome masculino	bor|ri|fa|[dor]
borrifar	verbo	bor|ri|[far]
borrifo	nome masculino	bor|[ri]|fo
borriscada	nome feminino	bor|ris|[ca]|da
borriscar	verbo	bor|ris|[car]
borrisco	nome masculino	bor|[ris]|co
borro	nome masculino	[bor]|ro
borroso	adjetivo	bor|[ro]|so
bort	nome masculino	[bort]
borússico	adjetivo	bo|[rús]|si|co
borusso	nome masculino	bo|[rus]|so
borututu	nome masculino	bo|ru|tu|[tu]
borzeguiada	nome feminino	bor|ze|gui|[a]|da
borzeguieiro	nome masculino	bor|ze|gui|[ei]|ro
borzeguim	nome masculino	bor|ze|[guim]
borzeguineiro	nome masculino	bor|ze|gui|[nei]|ro
bosão	nome masculino	bo|[são]
bosboque	nome masculino	bos|[bo]|que
bosca	nome feminino	[bos]|ca
boscagem	nome feminino	bos|[ca]|gem
boscarejo	adjetivo	bos|ca|[re]|jo
bosense	adjetivo	bo|[sen]|se
bosense	nome masculino	bo|[sen]|se
bosense	nome feminino	bo|[sen]|se
bosforano	adjetivo	bos|fo|[ra]|no
bosforano	nome masculino	bos|fo|[ra]|no
bosi	nome masculino	bo|[si]
bosnense	nome masculino	bos|[nen]|se
bosnense	nome feminino	bos|[nen]|se
bosnense	adjetivo	bos|[nen]|se
bósnia	nome feminino	[bós]|ni|a
bosníaca	nome feminino	bos|[ní]|a|ca
bosníaco	nome masculino	bos|[ní]|a|co
bosníaco	adjetivo	bos|[ní]|a|co
bosniana	nome feminino	bos|ni|[a]|na
bosniano	adjetivo	bos|ni|[a]|no
bosniano	nome masculino	bos|ni|[a]|no
bosniense	nome masculino	bos|ni|[en]|se
bosniense	nome feminino	bos|ni|[en]|se
bosniense	adjetivo	bos|ni|[en]|se
bósnio	nome masculino	[bós]|ni|o
bósnio	adjetivo	[bós]|ni|o
bosque	nome masculino	[bos]|que
bosquedo	nome masculino	bos|[que]|do
bosquejador	adjetivo	bos|que|ja|[dor]
bosquejador	nome masculino	bos|que|ja|[dor]
bosquejar	verbo	bos|que|[jar]
bosquejo	nome masculino	bos|[que]|jo
bosquete	nome masculino	bos|[que]|te
bosquímana	nome feminino	bos|[quí]|ma|na
bosquímano	adjetivo	bos|[quí]|ma|no
