brandamente	advérbio	bran|da|[men]|te
brandão	nome masculino	bran|[dão]
brande	nome masculino	[bran]|de
brandear	verbo	bran|de|[ar]
brandeburguês	adjetivo	bran|de|bur|[guês]
brandeburguês	nome masculino	bran|de|bur|[guês]
brandecer	verbo	bran|de|[cer]
brandeira	nome feminino	bran|[dei]|ra
brandeza	nome feminino	bran|[de]|za
brandíloquo	adjetivo	bran|[dí]|lo|quo
brandimento	nome masculino	bran|di|[men]|to
brandir	verbo	bran|[dir]
brando	adjetivo	[bran]|do
brando	nome masculino	[bran]|do
brandura	nome feminino	bran|[du]|ra
brandúzio	adjetivo	bran|[dú]|zi|o
brandy	nome masculino	[bran]|dy
branovice	adjetivo	bra|no|[vi]|ce
branovice	nome masculino	bra|no|[vi]|ce
branovice	nome feminino	bra|no|[vi]|ce
branóvio	adjetivo	bra|[nó]|vi|o
branóvio	nome masculino	bra|[nó]|vi|o
branqueação	nome feminino	bran|que|a|[ção]
branqueado	adjetivo	bran|que|[a]|do
branqueador	nome masculino	bran|que|a|[dor]
branqueador	adjetivo	bran|que|a|[dor]
branqueadora	nome feminino	bran|que|a|[do]|ra
branqueadura	nome feminino	bran|que|a|[du]|ra
branqueamento	nome masculino	bran|que|a|[men]|to
branquear	verbo	bran|que|[ar]
branquearia	nome feminino	bran|que|a|[ri]|a
branqueável	adjetivo	bran|que|[á]|vel
branqueio	nome masculino	bran|[quei]|o
branqueira	nome feminino	bran|[quei]|ra
branqueiro	nome masculino	bran|[quei]|ro
branquejante	adjetivo	bran|que|[jan]|te
branquejar	verbo	bran|que|[jar]
branqueta	nome feminino	bran|[que]|ta
brânquia	nome feminino	[brân]|qui|a
branquiado	adjetivo	bran|qui|[a]|do
branquial	adjetivo	bran|qui|[al]
branquicento	adjetivo	bran|qui|[cen]|to
branquiço	adjetivo	bran|[qui]|ço
branquidade	nome feminino	bran|qui|[da]|de
branquidão	nome feminino	bran|qui|[dão]
branquidor	nome masculino	bran|qui|[dor]
branquimento	nome masculino	bran|qui|[men]|to
branquinha	nome feminino	bran|[qui]|nha
branquiópode	nome masculino	bran|qui|[ó]|po|de
branquiostégio	nome masculino	bran|qui|os|[té]|gi|o
branquióstomo	nome masculino	bran|qui|[ós]|to|mo
branquir	verbo	bran|[quir]
branquíssimo	adjetivo	bran|[quís]|si|mo
branza	nome feminino	[bran]|za
braquear	verbo	bra|que|[ar]
braquia	nome feminino	bra|[qui]|a
braquiado	adjetivo	bra|qui|[a]|do
braquial	adjetivo	bra|qui|[al]
braquialgia	nome feminino	bra|qui|al|[gi]|a
braquianticlinal	nome masculino	bra|qui|an|ti|cli|[nal]
braquibiota	adjetivo	bra|qui|bi|[o]|ta
braquicardia	nome feminino	bra|qui|car|[di]|a
braquicárdico	adjetivo	bra|qui|[cár]|di|co
braquicataléctico	adjetivo	bra|qui|ca|ta|[léc]|ti|co
braquicatalecto	adjetivo	bra|qui|ca|ta|[lec]|to
braquicatalético	adjetivo	bra|qui|ca|ta|[lé]|ti|co
braquicataleto	adjetivo	bra|qui|ca|ta|[le]|to
braquicéfala	nome feminino	bra|qui|[cé]|fa|la
braquicefalia	nome feminino	bra|qui|ce|fa|[li]|a
braquicefálico	adjetivo	bra|qui|ce|[fá]|li|co
braquicefalizar	verbo	bra|qui|ce|fa|li|[zar]
braquicéfalo	adjetivo	bra|qui|[cé]|fa|lo
braquicéfalo	nome masculino	bra|qui|[cé]|fa|lo
braquícero	adjetivo	bra|[quí]|ce|ro
braquícero	nome masculino	bra|[quí]|ce|ro
braquicoreu	nome masculino	bra|qui|co|[reu]
braquidactilia	nome feminino	bra|qui|dac|ti|[li]|a
braquidáctilo	adjetivo	bra|qui|[dác]|ti|lo
braquidátilo	adjetivo	bra|qui|[dá]|ti|lo
braquidiagonal	nome feminino	bra|qui|di|a|go|[nal]
braquidoma	nome masculino	bra|qui|[do]|ma
braquiélitro	nome masculino	bra|qui|[é]|li|tro
braquifilo	adjetivo	bra|qui|[fi]|lo
braquignatia	nome feminino	bra|quig|na|[ti]|a
braquígnato	nome masculino	bra|[quíg]|na|to
braquigrafia	nome feminino	bra|qui|gra|[fi]|a
braquigráfico	adjetivo	bra|qui|[grá]|fi|co
braquígrafo	adjetivo	bra|[quí]|gra|fo
braquígrafo	nome masculino	bra|[quí]|gra|fo
braquilogia	nome feminino	bra|qui|lo|[gi]|a
braquilógico	adjetivo	bra|qui|[ló]|gi|co
braquimetrope	adjetivo	bra|qui|me|[tro]|pe
braquimetrope	nome masculino	bra|qui|me|[tro]|pe
braquimetrope	nome feminino	bra|qui|me|[tro]|pe
braquimetropia	nome feminino	bra|qui|me|tro|[pi]|a
braquiocefálico	adjetivo	bra|qui|o|ce|[fá]|li|co
braquiocéfalo	nome masculino	bra|qui|o|[cé]|fa|lo
braquioide	adjetivo	bra|qui|[oi]|de
braquiópode	nome masculino	bra|qui|[ó]|po|de
braquiópode	adjetivo	bra|qui|[ó]|po|de
