braquióptero	nome masculino	bra|qui|[óp]|te|ro
braquiossauro	nome masculino	bra|qui|os|[sau]|ro
braquióstomo	nome masculino	bra|qui|[ós]|to|mo
braquiotomia	nome feminino	bra|qui|o|to|[mi]|a
braquiotômico	adjetivo	bra|qui|o|[tô]|mi|co
braquiotómico	adjetivo	bra|qui|o|[tó]|mi|co
braquipinacoide	nome masculino	bra|qui|pi|na|[coi]|de
braquipneia	nome feminino	bra|quip|[nei]|a
braquipneico	adjetivo	bra|quip|[nei]|co
braquípode	adjetivo	bra|[quí]|po|de
braquípode	nome masculino	bra|[quí]|po|de
braquíptero	nome masculino	bra|[quíp]|te|ro
braquíptero	adjetivo	bra|[quíp]|te|ro
braquirrinco	adjetivo	bra|quir|[rin]|co
braquirrinia	nome feminino	bra|quir|ri|[ni]|a
braquirrino	adjetivo	bra|quir|[ri]|no
braquíscio	nome masculino	bra|[quís]|ci|o
braquíscios	nome masculino	bra|[quís]|ci|os
braquissilábico	adjetivo	bra|quis|si|[lá]|bi|co
braquissílabo	adjetivo	bra|quis|[sí]|la|bo
braquissílabo	nome masculino	bra|quis|[sí]|la|bo
braquistégia	nome feminino	bra|quis|[té]|gi|a
braquistócrona	nome feminino	bra|quis|[tó]|cro|na
braquiterapêutico	adjetivo	bra|qui|te|ra|[pêu]|ti|co
braquiterapia	nome feminino	bra|qui|te|ra|[pi]|a
braquiúro	nome masculino	bra|qui|[ú]|ro
braquiúro	adjetivo	bra|qui|[ú]|ro
brasa	nome feminino	[bra]|sa
brasão	nome masculino	bra|[são]
brasar	verbo	bra|[sar]
braseira	nome feminino	bra|[sei]|ra
braseiro	nome masculino	bra|[sei]|ro
brasfemar	verbo	bras|fe|[mar]
brasfémia	nome feminino	bras|[fé]|mi|a
brasfêmia	nome feminino	bras|[fê]|mi|a
brasido	nome masculino	bra|[si]|do
brasil	nome masculino	bra|[sil]
brasil	nome feminino	bra|[sil]
brasileira	nome feminino	bra|si|[lei]|ra
brasileirada	nome feminino	bra|si|lei|[ra]|da
brasileiramente	advérbio	bra|si|lei|ra|[men]|te
brasileiresco	adjetivo	bra|si|lei|[res]|co
brasileirice	nome feminino	bra|si|lei|[ri]|ce
brasileirismo	nome masculino	bra|si|lei|[ris]|mo
brasileiro	nome masculino	bra|si|[lei]|ro
brasileiro	adjetivo	bra|si|[lei]|ro
brasileirote	nome masculino	bra|si|lei|[ro]|te
brasilense	adjetivo	bra|si|[len]|se
brasilês	adjetivo	bra|si|[lês]
brasilete	nome masculino	bra|si|[le]|te
brasiliana	nome feminino	bra|si|li|[a]|na
brasilianismo	nome masculino	bra|si|li|a|[nis]|mo
brasilianista	adjetivo	bra|si|li|a|[nis]|ta
brasilianista	nome masculino	bra|si|li|a|[nis]|ta
brasilianista	nome feminino	bra|si|li|a|[nis]|ta
brasiliano	adjetivo	bra|si|li|[a]|no
brasiliano	nome masculino	bra|si|li|[a]|no
brasilicamente	advérbio	bra|si|li|ca|[men]|te
brasílico	adjetivo	bra|[sí]|li|co
brasilidade	nome feminino	bra|si|li|[da]|de
brasiliense	adjetivo	bra|si|li|[en]|se
brasiliense	nome masculino	bra|si|li|[en]|se
brasiliense	nome feminino	bra|si|li|[en]|se
brasilina	nome feminino	bra|si|[li]|na
brasílio	adjetivo	bra|[sí]|li|o
brasílio	nome masculino	bra|[sí]|li|o
brasílio-argentino	adjetivo	bra|sí|li|o-ar|gen|ti|no
brasílio-uruguaio	adjetivo	bra|sí|li|o-u|ru|guai|o
brasiliófila	nome feminino	bra|si|li|[ó]|fi|la
brasiliofilia	nome feminino	bra|si|li|o|fi|[li]|a
brasiliófilo	adjetivo	bra|si|li|[ó]|fi|lo
brasiliófilo	nome masculino	bra|si|li|[ó]|fi|lo
brasiliófoba	nome feminino	bra|si|li|[ó]|fo|ba
brasiliofobia	nome feminino	bra|si|li|o|fo|[bi]|a
brasiliófobo	adjetivo	bra|si|li|[ó]|fo|bo
brasiliófobo	nome masculino	bra|si|li|[ó]|fo|bo
brasiliografia	nome feminino	bra|si|li|o|gra|[fi]|a
brasiliográfico	adjetivo	bra|si|li|o|[grá]|fi|co
brasiliógrafo	nome masculino	bra|si|li|[ó]|gra|fo
brasilismo	nome masculino	bra|si|[lis]|mo
brasilista	adjetivo	bra|si|[lis]|ta
brasilista	nome masculino	bra|si|[lis]|ta
brasilista	nome feminino	bra|si|[lis]|ta
brasilite	nome feminino	bra|si|[li]|te
brasilização	nome feminino	bra|si|li|za|[ção]
brasilizante	adjetivo	bra|si|li|[zan]|te
brasilizar	verbo	bra|si|li|[zar]
brasilo-argentino	adjetivo	bra|si|lo-ar|gen|[ti]|no
brasilo-uruguaio	adjetivo	bra|si|lo-u|ru|[guai]|o
brasilofilia	nome feminino	bra|si|lo|fi|[li]|a
brasilófilo	adjetivo	bra|si|[ló]|fi|lo
brasilófilo	nome masculino	bra|si|[ló]|fi|lo
brasilofobia	nome feminino	bra|si|lo|fo|[bi]|a
brasilófobo	adjetivo	bra|si|[ló]|fo|bo
brasilófobo	nome masculino	bra|si|[ló]|fo|bo
brasilografia	nome feminino	bra|si|lo|gra|[fi]|a
brasilográfico	adjetivo	bra|si|lo|[grá]|fi|co
brasilógrafo	nome masculino	bra|si|[ló]|gra|fo
brasino	nome masculino	bra|[si]|no
brasino	adjetivo	bra|[si]|no
