broquento	adjetivo	bro|[quen]|to
broquim	nome masculino	bro|[quim]
brossa	nome feminino	[bros]|sa
brossar	verbo	bros|[sar]
brota	nome feminino	[bro]|ta
brotação	nome feminino	bro|ta|[ção]
brotadura	nome feminino	bro|ta|[du]|ra
brotamento	nome masculino	bro|ta|[men]|to
brotar	verbo	bro|[tar]
brote	nome masculino	[bro]|te
broteriano	adjetivo	bro|te|ri|[a]|no
brotinho	nome masculino	bro|[ti]|nho
broto	nome masculino	[bro]|to
brotoeja	nome feminino	bro|to|[e]|ja
browniano	adjetivo	brow|ni|[a]|no
brownismo	nome masculino	brow|[nis]|mo
brownista	adjetivo	brow|[nis]|ta
brownista	nome masculino	brow|[nis]|ta
brownista	nome feminino	brow|[nis]|ta
browser	nome masculino	[brow]|ser
broxa	nome feminino	[bro]|xa
broxa	nome masculino	[bro]|xa
broxante	nome masculino	bro|[xan]|te
broxar	verbo	bro|[xar]
broziado	adjetivo	bro|zi|[a]|do
brózio	nome masculino	[bró]|zi|o
bruaá	nome masculino	bru|a|[á]
bruaca	nome feminino	bru|[a]|ca
bruaqueiro	nome masculino	bru|a|[quei]|ro
bruar	verbo	bru|[ar]
brucela	nome feminino	bru|[ce]|la
brucelose	nome feminino	bru|ce|[lo]|se
brucina	nome feminino	bru|[ci]|na
brucita	nome feminino	bru|[ci]|ta
brucite	nome feminino	bru|[ci]|te
bruco	nome masculino	[bru]|co
bruços	nome masculino	[bru]|ços
brúctero	adjetivo	[brúc]|te|ro
brúctero	nome masculino	[brúc]|te|ro
bruega	nome feminino	bru|[e]|ga
bruges	nome masculino	[bru]|ges
brúgia	nome feminino	[brú]|gi|a
brulha	nome feminino	[bru]|lha
brulho	nome masculino	[bru]|lho
brulote	nome masculino	bru|[lo]|te
bruma	nome feminino	[bru]|ma
brumaça	nome feminino	bru|[ma]|ça
brumaceiro	adjetivo	bru|ma|[cei]|ro
brumado	nome masculino	bru|[ma]|do
brumal	adjetivo	bru|[mal]
brumbrum	adjetivo	brum|[brum]
brumélia	nome feminino	bru|[mé]|li|a
brumosamente	advérbio	bru|mo|sa|[men]|te
brumoso	adjetivo	bru|[mo]|so
brunch	nome masculino	[brun]|ch
brundisino	adjetivo	brun|di|[si]|no
brundisino	nome masculino	brun|di|[si]|no
bruneana	nome feminino	bru|ne|[a]|na
bruneano	nome masculino	bru|ne|[a]|no
bruneano	adjetivo	bru|ne|[a]|no
bruneína	nome feminino	bru|ne|[í]|na
bruneíno	nome masculino	bru|ne|[í]|no
bruneíno	adjetivo	bru|ne|[í]|no
brunete	adjetivo	bru|[ne]|te
brunete	nome masculino	bru|[ne]|te
brunheiro	nome masculino	bru|[nhei]|ro
brunho	nome masculino	[bru]|nho
brunho-rei	nome masculino	bru|nho-rei
brunideira	nome feminino	bru|ni|[dei]|ra
brunido	adjetivo	bru|[ni]|do
brunido	nome masculino	bru|[ni]|do
brunidor	adjetivo	bru|ni|[dor]
brunidor	nome masculino	bru|ni|[dor]
brunidora	nome feminino	bru|ni|[do]|ra
brunidura	nome feminino	bru|ni|[du]|ra
brunir	verbo	bru|[nir]
bruno	adjetivo	[bru]|no
brusca	nome feminino	[brus]|ca
bruscamente	advérbio	brus|ca|[men]|te
brusco	adjetivo	[brus]|co
brushing	nome masculino	[bru]|shing
brusquidão	nome feminino	brus|qui|[dão]
brussa	nome feminino	[brus]|sa
brússio	adjetivo	[brús]|si|o
bruta	nome feminino	[bru]|ta
brutal	adjetivo	bru|[tal]
brutalhada	nome feminino	bru|ta|[lha]|da
brutalidade	nome feminino	bru|ta|li|[da]|de
brutalização	nome feminino	bru|ta|li|za|[ção]
brutalizado	adjetivo	bru|ta|li|[za]|do
brutalizar	verbo	bru|ta|li|[zar]
brutalmente	advérbio	bru|tal|[men]|te
brutamente	advérbio	bru|ta|[men]|te
brutamontes	nome masculino	bru|ta|[mon]|tes
brutamontes	nome feminino	bru|ta|[mon]|tes
brutaria	nome feminino	bru|ta|[ri]|a
brutaz	adjetivo	bru|[taz]
brutegas	nome masculino	bru|[te]|gas
brutesco	nome masculino	bru|[tes]|co
brutesco	adjetivo	bru|[tes]|co
