bufo	nome masculino	[bu]|fo
bufonaria	nome feminino	bu|fo|na|[ri]|a
bufonear	verbo	bu|fo|ne|[ar]
bufónida	nome masculino	bu|[fó]|ni|da
bufonídeo	nome masculino	bu|fo|[ní]|de|o
bufonídeo	adjetivo	bu|fo|[ní]|de|o
búfri	nome masculino	[bú]|fri
buftalmia	nome feminino	buf|tal|[mi]|a
buftálmico	adjetivo	buf|[tál]|mi|co
buftalmo	nome masculino	buf|[tal]|mo
bufunfa	nome feminino	bu|[fun]|fa
bufúrdio	nome masculino	bu|[fúr]|di|o
bug	nome masculino	[bug]
bugacho	nome masculino	bu|[ga]|cho
bugalha	nome feminino	bu|[ga]|lha
bugalhal	adjetivo	bu|ga|[lhal]
bugalhal	nome masculino	bu|ga|[lhal]
bugalhinha	nome feminino	bu|ga|[lhi]|nha
bugalhó	nome masculino	bu|ga|[lhó]
bugalho	nome masculino	bu|[ga]|lho
bugalhudo	adjetivo	bu|ga|[lhu]|do
buganvília	nome feminino	bu|gan|[ví]|li|a
bugarrém	nome masculino	bu|gar|[rém]
bugia	nome feminino	bu|[gi]|a
bugiada	nome feminino	bu|gi|[a]|da
bugiar	verbo	bu|gi|[ar]
bugiaria	nome feminino	bu|gi|a|[ri]|a
bugiganga	nome feminino	bu|gi|[gan]|ga
bugigangar	verbo	bu|gi|gan|[gar]
bugigangaria	nome feminino	bu|gi|gan|ga|[ri]|a
bugina	nome feminino	bu|[gi]|na
bugio	nome masculino	bu|[gi]|o
bugle	nome masculino	[bu]|gle
buglossa	nome feminino	bu|[glos]|sa
bugrada	nome feminino	bu|[gra]|da
bugre	nome masculino	[bu]|gre
bugre	nome feminino	[bu]|gre
bugre	adjetivo	[bu]|gre
bugreiro	nome masculino	bu|[grei]|ro
bugrismo	nome masculino	bu|[gris]|mo
bugueixo	nome masculino	bu|[guei]|xo
búgui	nome masculino	[bú]|gui
búgula	nome feminino	[bú]|gu|la
buibilar	verbo	bui|bi|[lar]
buingela	adjetivo	bu|in|[ge]|la
buingela	nome masculino	bu|in|[ge]|la
buingela	nome feminino	bu|in|[ge]|la
buinho	nome masculino	bu|[i]|nho
buir	verbo	bu|[ir]
buitra	nome feminino	[bui]|tra
buitre	nome masculino	[bui]|tre
bujamé	adjetivo	bu|ja|[mé]
bujamé	nome masculino	bu|ja|[mé]
bujamé	nome feminino	bu|ja|[mé]
bujão	nome masculino	bu|[jão]
bujarda	nome feminino	bu|[jar]|da
bujarrona	nome feminino	bu|jar|[ro]|na
bujé	adjetivo	bu|[jé]
bujé	nome masculino	bu|[jé]
bujé	nome feminino	bu|[jé]
buji	nome masculino	bu|[ji]
bula	nome feminino	[bu]|la
bula-bula	nome feminino	bu|la-bu|la
bulabula	nome feminino	bu|la|[bu]|la
bulado	adjetivo	bu|[la]|do
bular	verbo	bu|[lar]
bulário	nome masculino	bu|[lá]|ri|o
bulastenia	nome feminino	bu|las|te|[ni]|a
bulatar	verbo	bu|la|[tar]
bulático	adjetivo	bu|[lá]|ti|co
bulauê	nome masculino	bu|lau|[ê]
bulaxo	nome masculino	bu|[la]|xo
bulbar	adjetivo	bul|[bar]
bulbífero	adjetivo	bul|[bí]|fe|ro
bulbiforme	adjetivo	bul|bi|[for]|me
bulbilho	nome masculino	bul|[bi]|lho
bulbilo	nome masculino	bul|[bi]|lo
bulbíparo	adjetivo	bul|[bí]|pa|ro
bulbite	nome feminino	bul|[bi]|te
bulbo	nome masculino	[bul]|bo
bulboprotuberancial	adjetivo	bul|bo|pro|tu|be|ran|ci|[al]
bulboso	adjetivo	bul|[bo]|so
búlbulo	nome masculino	[búl]|bu|lo
bulcão	nome masculino	bul|[cão]
buldanho	adjetivo	bul|[da]|nho
buldogue	nome masculino	bul|[do]|gue
buldonhe	adjetivo	bul|[do]|nhe
buldôzer	nome masculino	bul|[dô]|zer
buldózer	nome masculino	bul|[dó]|zer
bule	nome masculino	[bu]|le
bule	nome feminino	[bu]|le
bule-bule	nome masculino	bu|le-bu|le
bule-bule	nome feminino	bu|le-bu|le
buleiro	nome masculino	bu|[lei]|ro
bulevar	nome masculino	bu|le|[var]
bulevardeiro	adjetivo	bu|le|var|[dei]|ro
búlgara	nome feminino	[búl]|ga|ra
búlgaro	adjetivo	[búl]|ga|ro
búlgaro	nome masculino	[búl]|ga|ro
bulha	nome feminino	[bu]|lha
