burragem	nome feminino	bur|[ra]|gem
burrama	nome feminino	bur|[ra]|ma
burrana	nome masculino	bur|[ra]|na
burranca	nome feminino	bur|[ran]|ca
burranca	adjetivo	bur|[ran]|ca
burranca	nome masculino	bur|[ran]|ca
burrão	nome masculino	bur|[rão]
burrar	verbo	bur|[rar]
burreco	nome masculino	bur|[re]|co
burrego	adjetivo	bur|[re]|go
burrego	nome masculino	bur|[re]|go
burrica	nome feminino	bur|[ri]|ca
burricada	nome feminino	bur|ri|[ca]|da
burrical	adjetivo	bur|ri|[cal]
burricalho	nome masculino	bur|ri|[ca]|lho
burrice	nome feminino	bur|[ri]|ce
burricego	adjetivo	bur|ri|[ce]|go
burrico	nome masculino	bur|[ri]|co
burrié	nome masculino	bur|ri|[é]
burriélia	nome feminino	bur|ri|[é]|li|a
burrificar	verbo	bur|ri|fi|[car]
burrinhar	verbo	bur|ri|[nhar]
burrinho	nome masculino	bur|[ri]|nho
burriqueiro	nome masculino	bur|ri|[quei]|ro
burriquete	nome masculino	bur|ri|[que]|te
burriquice	nome feminino	bur|ri|[qui]|ce
burrito	nome masculino	bur|[ri]|to
burro	adjetivo	[bur]|ro
burro	nome masculino	[bur]|ro
burro-alto	nome masculino	bur|ro-al|to
bursa	nome feminino	[bur]|sa
bursaonense	adjetivo	bur|sa|o|[nen]|se
bursaonense	nome masculino	bur|sa|o|[nen]|se
bursaonense	nome feminino	bur|sa|o|[nen]|se
bursária	nome feminino	bur|[sá]|ri|a
búrsera	nome feminino	[búr]|se|ra
burserácea	nome feminino	bur|se|[rá]|ce|a
burserina	nome feminino	bur|se|[ri]|na
bursite	nome feminino	bur|[si]|te
buruçanga	nome feminino	bu|ru|[çan]|ga
burundanga	nome feminino	bu|run|[dan]|ga
burúndia	nome feminino	bu|[rún]|di|a
burundiana	nome feminino	bu|run|di|[a]|na
burundiano	adjetivo	bu|run|di|[a]|no
burundiano	nome masculino	bu|run|di|[a]|no
burundiense	nome masculino	bu|run|di|[en]|se
burundiense	nome feminino	bu|run|di|[en]|se
burundiense	adjetivo	bu|run|di|[en]|se
burundinês	nome masculino	bu|run|di|[nês]
burundinês	adjetivo	bu|run|di|[nês]
burundinesa	nome feminino	bu|run|di|[ne]|sa
burúndio	adjetivo	bu|[rún]|di|o
burúndio	nome masculino	bu|[rún]|di|o
burundum	nome masculino	bu|run|[dum]
bururu	adjetivo	bu|ru|[ru]
bururu	nome masculino	bu|ru|[ru]
bururu	nome feminino	bu|ru|[ru]
burusso	nome masculino	bu|[rus]|so
burzigada	nome feminino	bur|zi|[ga]|da
bus	nome masculino	[bus]
busano	nome masculino	bu|[sa]|no
busaranho	nome masculino	bu|sa|[ra]|nho
busardo	nome masculino	bu|[sar]|do
busca	nome feminino	[bus]|ca
busca	nome masculino	[bus]|ca
busca	interjeição	[bus]|ca
busca-pé	nome masculino	bus|ca-pé
busca-polos	nome masculino	bus|ca-po|los
busca-três	nome masculino	bus|ca-três
busca-vida	nome masculino	bus|ca-vi|da
busca-vida	nome feminino	bus|ca-vi|da
busca-vidas	nome masculino	bus|ca-vi|das
buscado	adjetivo	bus|[ca]|do
buscador	adjetivo	bus|ca|[dor]
buscador	nome masculino	bus|ca|[dor]
buscante	nome masculino	bus|[can]|te
buscante	adjetivo	bus|[can]|te
buscar	verbo	bus|[car]
buscável	adjetivo	bus|[cá]|vel
buscular	verbo	bus|cu|[lar]
buseira	nome feminino	bu|[sei]|ra
buseiro	nome masculino	bu|[sei]|ro
busílis	nome masculino	bu|[sí]|lis
business	nome masculino	[busi]|ness
businessman	nome masculino	bu|si|ness|[man]
bússola	nome feminino	[bús]|so|la
bussolar	verbo	bus|so|[lar]
busto	nome masculino	[bus]|to
bustrofédon	nome masculino	bus|tro|[fé]|don
bustuário	nome masculino	bus|tu|[á]|ri|o
buta	nome feminino	[bu]|ta
buta	nome masculino	[bu]|ta
butaca	nome feminino	bu|[ta]|ca
butadieno	nome masculino	bu|ta|di|[e]|no
butanense	nome masculino	bu|ta|[nen]|se
butanense	nome feminino	bu|ta|[nen]|se
butanense	adjetivo	bu|ta|[nen]|se
butanês	nome masculino	bu|ta|[nês]
butanês	adjetivo	bu|ta|[nês]
butanesa	nome feminino	bu|ta|[ne]|sa
