anticristo	nome masculino	an|ti|[cris]|to
anticrítica	nome feminino	an|ti|[crí]|ti|ca
anticrítico	adjetivo	an|ti|[crí]|ti|co
anticrônico	adjetivo	an|ti|[crô]|ni|co
anticrónico	adjetivo	an|ti|[cró]|ni|co
anticronismo	nome masculino	an|ti|cro|[nis]|mo
antíctone	nome masculino	an|[tíc]|to|ne
antíctones	nome masculino	an|[tíc]|to|nes
antidáctilo	nome masculino	an|ti|[dác]|ti|lo
antidáctilo	adjetivo	an|ti|[dác]|ti|lo
antidátilo	adjetivo	an|ti|[dá]|ti|lo
antidátilo	nome masculino	an|ti|[dá]|ti|lo
antidemocracia	nome feminino	an|ti|de|mo|cra|[ci]|a
antidemocrata	adjetivo	an|ti|de|mo|[cra]|ta
antidemocrata	nome masculino	an|ti|de|mo|[cra]|ta
antidemocrata	nome feminino	an|ti|de|mo|[cra]|ta
antidemocraticamente	advérbio	an|ti|de|mo|cra|ti|ca|[men]|te
antidemocrático	adjetivo	an|ti|de|mo|[crá]|ti|co
antidemocrático	nome masculino	an|ti|de|mo|[crá]|ti|co
antidemocratismo	nome masculino	an|ti|de|mo|cra|[tis]|mo
antidemoníaco	adjetivo	an|ti|de|mo|[ní]|a|co
antidepressivo	adjetivo	an|ti|de|pres|[si]|vo
antidepressivo	nome masculino	an|ti|de|pres|[si]|vo
antiderrapante	nome masculino	an|ti|der|ra|[pan]|te
antiderrapante	adjetivo	an|ti|der|ra|[pan]|te
antidesassimilador	adjetivo	an|ti|de|sas|si|mi|la|[dor]
antidescritivo	adjetivo	an|ti|des|cri|[ti]|vo
antidesma	nome feminino	an|ti|[des]|ma
antidesmácea	nome feminino	an|ti|des|[má]|ce|a
antidesnutritivo	adjetivo	an|ti|des|nu|tri|[ti]|vo
antidesportista	adjetivo	an|ti|des|por|[tis]|ta
antidesportista	nome masculino	an|ti|des|por|[tis]|ta
antidesportista	nome feminino	an|ti|des|por|[tis]|ta
antidesportivamente	advérbio	an|ti|des|por|ti|va|[men]|te
antidesportivo	adjetivo	an|ti|des|por|[ti]|vo
antidéspota	nome masculino	an|ti|[dés]|po|ta
antidéspota	nome feminino	an|ti|[dés]|po|ta
antidespótico	adjetivo	an|ti|des|[pó]|ti|co
antidetonante	nome masculino	an|ti|de|to|[nan]|te
antidetonante	adjetivo	an|ti|de|to|[nan]|te
antidiabético	adjetivo	an|ti|di|a|[bé]|ti|co
antidiabético	nome masculino	an|ti|di|a|[bé]|ti|co
antidiaforético	adjetivo	an|ti|di|a|fo|[ré]|ti|co
antidiarreico	adjetivo	an|ti|di|ar|[rei]|co
antidiatésico	adjetivo	an|ti|di|a|[té]|si|co
antidiatético	adjetivo	an|ti|di|a|[té]|ti|co
antidiftérico	adjetivo	an|ti|dif|[té]|ri|co
antidigestivo	adjetivo	an|ti|di|ges|[ti]|vo
antidinástico	adjetivo	an|ti|di|[nás]|ti|co
antidínico	adjetivo	an|ti|[dí]|ni|co
antidisentérico	adjetivo	an|ti|di|sen|[té]|ri|co
antidispéptico	adjetivo	an|ti|dis|[pép]|ti|co
antidispneico	adjetivo	an|ti|disp|[nei]|co
antidiurético	adjetivo	an|ti|diu|[ré]|ti|co
antidivino	adjetivo	an|ti|di|[vi]|no
antidogmático	adjetivo	an|ti|dog|[má]|ti|co
antidogmatismo	nome masculino	an|ti|dog|ma|[tis]|mo
antidopagem	nome feminino	an|ti|do|[pa]|gem
antidopagem	adjetivo	an|ti|do|[pa]|gem
antidoping	nome masculino	an|ti|[do]|ping
antidoping	adjetivo	an|ti|[do]|ping
antidoral	adjetivo	an|ti|do|[ral]
antidoro	nome masculino	an|ti|[do]|ro
antidotal	adjetivo	an|ti|do|[tal]
antidotar	verbo	an|ti|do|[tar]
antidotário	nome masculino	an|ti|do|[tá]|ri|o
antidotismo	nome masculino	an|ti|do|[tis]|mo
antídoto	nome masculino	an|[tí]|do|to
antidoutrinal	adjetivo	an|ti|dou|tri|[nal]
antidoutrinário	adjetivo	an|ti|dou|tri|[ná]|ri|o
antidrama	nome masculino	an|ti|[dra]|ma
antidramático	adjetivo	an|ti|dra|[má]|ti|co
antidroga	adjetivo	an|ti|[dro]|ga
antídromo	nome masculino	an|[tí]|dro|mo
antidualismo	nome masculino	an|ti|du|a|[lis]|mo
antidualista	adjetivo	an|ti|du|a|[lis]|ta
antidualista	nome masculino	an|ti|du|a|[lis]|ta
antidualista	nome feminino	an|ti|du|a|[lis]|ta
antieconômico	adjetivo	an|ti|e|co|[nô]|mi|co
antieconómico	adjetivo	an|ti|e|co|[nó]|mi|co
antiefiáltico	adjetivo	an|ti|e|fi|[ál]|ti|co
antieleitoral	adjetivo	an|ti|e|lei|to|[ral]
antiemético	adjetivo	an|ti|e|[mé]|ti|co
antiépico	adjetivo	an|ti|[é]|pi|co
antiepidêmico	adjetivo	an|ti|e|pi|[dê]|mi|co
antiepidémico	adjetivo	an|ti|e|pi|[dé]|mi|co
antiepiléptico	adjetivo	an|ti|e|pi|[lép]|ti|co
antiepiléptico	nome masculino	an|ti|e|pi|[lép]|ti|co
antiepilético	adjetivo	an|ti|e|pi|[lé]|ti|co
antiepilético	nome masculino	an|ti|e|pi|[lé]|ti|co
antiescarlatinoso	adjetivo	an|ti|es|car|la|ti|[no]|so
antiescorbútico	adjetivo	an|ti|es|cor|[bú]|ti|co
antiescravismo	nome masculino	an|ti|es|cra|[vis]|mo
antiescravista	adjetivo	an|ti|es|cra|[vis]|ta
antiescravista	nome masculino	an|ti|es|cra|[vis]|ta
antiescravista	nome feminino	an|ti|es|cra|[vis]|ta
antiescriturário	adjetivo	an|ti|es|cri|tu|[rá]|ri|o
antiescrofuloso	adjetivo	an|ti|es|cro|fu|[lo]|so
antiespanhol	adjetivo	an|ti|es|pa|[nhol]
antiespasmódica	nome feminino	an|ti|es|pas|[mó]|di|ca
