antropofagismo	nome masculino	an|tro|po|fa|[gis]|mo
antropófago	nome masculino	an|tro|[pó]|fa|go
antropófago	adjetivo	an|tro|[pó]|fa|go
antropofilia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|fi|[li]|a
antropófilo	nome masculino	an|tro|[pó]|fi|lo
antropófilo	adjetivo	an|tro|[pó]|fi|lo
antropófito	adjetivo	an|tro|[pó]|fi|to
antropófito	nome masculino	an|tro|[pó]|fi|to
antropófoba	nome feminino	an|tro|[pó]|fo|ba
antropofobia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|fo|[bi]|a
antropófobo	adjetivo	an|tro|[pó]|fo|bo
antropófobo	nome masculino	an|tro|[pó]|fo|bo
antropogénese	nome feminino	an|tro|po|[gé]|ne|se
antropogênese	nome feminino	an|tro|po|[gê]|ne|se
antropogenesia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|ge|ne|[si]|a
antropogenésico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|ge|[né]|si|co
antropogenético	adjetivo	an|tro|po|ge|[né]|ti|co
antropogenia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|ge|[ni]|a
antropogénico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[gé]|ni|co
antropogênico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[gê]|ni|co
antropogeógrafa	nome feminino	an|tro|po|ge|[ó]|gra|fa
antropogeografia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|ge|o|gra|[fi]|a
antropogeográfico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|ge|o|[grá]|fi|co
antropogeógrafo	nome masculino	an|tro|po|ge|[ó]|gra|fo
antropoglifite	nome feminino	an|tro|po|gli|[fi]|te
antropoglosso	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[glos]|so
antropognosia	nome feminino	an|tro|pog|no|[si]|a
antropognósico	adjetivo	an|tro|pog|[nó]|si|co
antropognóstico	adjetivo	an|tro|pog|[nós]|ti|co
antropografia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|gra|[fi]|a
antropográfico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[grá]|fi|co
antropoide	adjetivo	an|tro|[poi]|de
antropoide	nome masculino	an|tro|[poi]|de
antropólatra	adjetivo	an|tro|[pó]|la|tra
antropólatra	nome masculino	an|tro|[pó]|la|tra
antropólatra	nome feminino	an|tro|[pó]|la|tra
antropolatria	nome feminino	an|tro|po|la|[tri]|a
antropolátrico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[lá]|tri|co
antropólito	nome masculino	an|tro|[pó]|li|to
antropóloga	nome feminino	an|tro|[pó]|lo|ga
antropologia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|lo|[gi]|a
antropologicamente	advérbio	an|tro|po|lo|gi|ca|[men]|te
antropológico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[ló]|gi|co
antropologista	nome masculino	an|tro|po|lo|[gis]|ta
antropologista	nome feminino	an|tro|po|lo|[gis]|ta
antropólogo	nome masculino	an|tro|[pó]|lo|go
antropomagnético	adjetivo	an|tro|po|mag|[né]|ti|co
antropomagnetismo	nome masculino	an|tro|po|mag|ne|[tis]|mo
antropomancia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|man|[ci]|a
antropomante	nome masculino	an|tro|po|[man]|te
antropomante	nome feminino	an|tro|po|[man]|te
antropomântico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[mân]|ti|co
antropometria	nome feminino	an|tro|po|me|[tri]|a
antropometricamente	advérbio	an|tro|po|me|tri|ca|[men]|te
antropométrico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[mé]|tri|co
antropomorfia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|mor|[fi]|a
antropomorficamente	advérbio	an|tro|po|mor|fi|ca|[men]|te
antropomórfico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[mór]|fi|co
antropomorfismo	nome masculino	an|tro|po|mor|[fis]|mo
antropomorfista	adjetivo	an|tro|po|mor|[fis]|ta
antropomorfista	nome masculino	an|tro|po|mor|[fis]|ta
antropomorfista	nome feminino	an|tro|po|mor|[fis]|ta
antropomorfização	nome feminino	an|tro|po|mor|fi|za|[ção]
antropomorfizador	adjetivo	an|tro|po|mor|fi|za|[dor]
antropomorfizador	nome masculino	an|tro|po|mor|fi|za|[dor]
antropomorfizar	verbo	an|tro|po|mor|fi|[zar]
antropomorfo	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[mor]|fo
antropomorfo	nome masculino	an|tro|po|[mor]|fo
antropomorfologia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|mor|fo|lo|[gi]|a
antropomorfológico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|mor|fo|[ló]|gi|co
antropomorfose	nome feminino	an|tro|po|mor|[fo]|se
antroponímia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|[ní]|mi|a
antroponimicamente	advérbio	an|tro|po|ni|mi|ca|[men]|te
antroponímico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[ní]|mi|co
antropónimo	nome masculino	an|tro|[pó]|ni|mo
antropônimo	nome masculino	an|tro|[pô]|ni|mo
antroponomia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|no|[mi]|a
antroponómico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[nó]|mi|co
antroponômico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[nô]|mi|co
antropopatia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|pa|[ti]|a
antropopático	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[pá]|ti|co
antropopiteco	nome masculino	an|tro|po|pi|[te]|co
antropoplastia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|plas|[ti]|a
antropoplástico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[plás]|ti|co
antropoquímica	nome feminino	an|tro|po|[quí]|mi|ca
antropoquímico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[quí]|mi|co
antroposcopia	nome feminino	an|tro|pos|co|[pi]|a
antroposcópico	adjetivo	an|tro|pos|[có]|pi|co
antroposofia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|so|[fi]|a
antroposófico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[só]|fi|co
antropotáctico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[tác]|ti|co
antropotático	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[tá]|ti|co
antropotaxia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|ta|[xi]|a
antropotáxico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|[tá]|xi|co
antropotecnia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|tec|[ni]|a
antropoteísmo	nome masculino	an|tro|po|te|[ís]|mo
antropoteísta	nome masculino	an|tro|po|te|[ís]|ta
antropoteísta	nome feminino	an|tro|po|te|[ís]|ta
antropoterapia	nome feminino	an|tro|po|te|ra|[pi]|a
antropoterápico	adjetivo	an|tro|po|te|[rá]|pi|co
