apreciamento	nome masculino	a|pre|ci|a|[men]|to
apreciar	verbo	a|pre|ci|[ar]
apreciativamente	advérbio	a|pre|ci|a|ti|va|[men]|te
apreciativo	adjetivo	a|pre|ci|a|[ti]|vo
apreciável	adjetivo	a|pre|ci|[á]|vel
apreciavelmente	advérbio	a|pre|ci|a|vel|[men]|te
apreço	nome masculino	a|[pre]|ço
apreendedor	adjetivo	a|pre|en|de|[dor]
apreendedor	nome masculino	a|pre|en|de|[dor]
apreendedora	nome feminino	a|pre|en|de|[do]|ra
apreender	verbo	a|pre|en|[der]
apreensão	nome feminino	a|pre|en|[são]
apreensibilidade	nome feminino	a|pre|en|si|bi|li|[da]|de
apreensiva	nome feminino	a|pre|en|[si]|va
apreensivamente	advérbio	a|pre|en|si|va|[men]|te
apreensível	adjetivo	a|pre|en|[sí]|vel
apreensivo	adjetivo	a|pre|en|[si]|vo
apreensor	adjetivo	a|pre|en|[sor]
apreensor	nome masculino	a|pre|en|[sor]
apreensora	nome feminino	a|pre|en|[so]|ra
apreensório	adjetivo	a|pre|en|[só]|ri|o
aprefixar	verbo	a|pre|fi|[xar]
apregoado	adjetivo	a|pre|go|[a]|do
apregoador	nome masculino	a|pre|go|a|[dor]
apregoador	adjetivo	a|pre|go|a|[dor]
apregoamento	nome masculino	a|pre|go|a|[men]|to
apregoar	verbo	a|pre|go|[ar]
apregoável	adjetivo	a|pre|go|[á]|vel
apremedeira	nome feminino	a|pre|me|[dei]|ra
apremer	verbo	a|pre|[mer]
aprendente	nome feminino	a|pren|[den]|te
aprendente	nome masculino	a|pren|[den]|te
aprender	verbo	a|pren|[der]
aprendível	adjetivo	a|pren|[dí]|vel
aprendiz	nome masculino	a|pren|[diz]
aprendiza	nome feminino	a|pren|[di]|za
aprendizado	nome masculino	a|pren|di|[za]|do
aprendizagem	nome feminino	a|pren|di|[za]|gem
apresador	nome masculino	a|pre|sa|[dor]
apresamento	nome masculino	a|pre|sa|[men]|to
apresar	verbo	a|pre|[sar]
apresável	adjetivo	a|pre|[sá]|vel
apresentação	nome feminino	a|pre|sen|ta|[ção]
apresentado	nome masculino	a|pre|sen|[ta]|do
apresentador	adjetivo	a|pre|sen|ta|[dor]
apresentador	nome masculino	a|pre|sen|ta|[dor]
apresentadora	nome feminino	a|pre|sen|ta|[do]|ra
apresentante	adjetivo	a|pre|sen|[tan]|te
apresentante	nome masculino	a|pre|sen|[tan]|te
apresentante	nome feminino	a|pre|sen|[tan]|te
apresentar	verbo	a|pre|sen|[tar]
apresentável	adjetivo	a|pre|sen|[tá]|vel
apresentavelmente	advérbio	a|pre|sen|ta|vel|[men]|te
apresigar	verbo	a|pre|si|[gar]
apresigo	nome masculino	a|pre|[si]|go
apresilhar	verbo	a|pre|si|[lhar]
apressadamente	advérbio	a|pres|sa|da|[men]|te
apressado	adjetivo	a|pres|[sa]|do
apressador	adjetivo	a|pres|sa|[dor]
apressador	nome masculino	a|pres|sa|[dor]
apressamento	nome masculino	a|pres|sa|[men]|to
apressar	verbo	a|pres|[sar]
apresso	nome masculino	a|[pres]|so
apressuradamente	advérbio	a|pres|su|ra|da|[men]|te
apressurado	adjetivo	a|pres|su|[ra]|do
apressuramento	nome masculino	a|pres|su|ra|[men]|to
apressurar	verbo	a|pres|su|[rar]
aprestação	nome feminino	a|pres|ta|[ção]
aprestador	adjetivo	a|pres|ta|[dor]
aprestador	nome masculino	a|pres|ta|[dor]
aprestamar	verbo	a|pres|ta|[mar]
aprestamento	nome masculino	a|pres|ta|[men]|to
apréstamo	nome masculino	a|[prés]|ta|mo
aprestar	verbo	a|pres|[tar]
aprestável	adjetivo	a|pres|[tá]|vel
apreste	nome masculino	a|[pres]|te
aprestes	adjetivo	a|[pres]|tes
apresto	nome masculino	a|[pres]|to
apresuntado	adjetivo	a|pre|sun|[ta]|do
aprico	adjetivo	a|[pri]|co
aprilino	adjetivo	a|pri|[li]|no
aprimoradamente	advérbio	a|pri|mo|ra|da|[men]|te
aprimorado	adjetivo	a|pri|mo|[ra]|do
aprimorador	adjetivo	a|pri|mo|ra|[dor]
aprimorador	nome masculino	a|pri|mo|ra|[dor]
aprimoramento	nome masculino	a|pri|mo|ra|[men]|to
aprimorar	verbo	a|pri|mo|[rar]
aprimorável	adjetivo	a|pri|mo|[rá]|vel
aprincesado	adjetivo	a|prin|ce|[sa]|do
aprincesar	verbo	a|prin|ce|[sar]
aprioridade	nome feminino	a|pri|o|ri|[da]|de
apriorismo	nome masculino	a|pri|o|[ris]|mo
apriorista	nome masculino	a|pri|o|[ris]|ta
apriorista	nome feminino	a|pri|o|[ris]|ta
aprioristicamente	advérbio	a|pri|o|ris|ti|ca|[men]|te
apriorístico	adjetivo	a|pri|o|[rís]|ti|co
apriscar	verbo	a|pris|[car]
aprisco	nome masculino	a|[pris]|co
aprisionado	adjetivo	a|pri|si|o|[na]|do
aprisionador	adjetivo	a|pri|si|o|na|[dor]
