aquadrilhar	verbo	a|qua|dri|[lhar]
aquaforte	nome feminino	a|qua|[for]|te
aquafortista	adjetivo	a|qua|for|[tis]|ta
aquafortista	nome masculino	a|qua|for|[tis]|ta
aquafortista	nome feminino	a|qua|for|[tis]|ta
aquanauta	nome masculino	a|qua|[nau]|ta
aquanauta	nome feminino	a|qua|[nau]|ta
aquando	conjunção	a|[quan]|do
aquantiado	nome masculino	a|quan|ti|[a]|do
aquantiador	adjetivo	a|quan|ti|a|[dor]
aquantiador	nome masculino	a|quan|ti|a|[dor]
aquantiamento	nome masculino	a|quan|ti|a|[men]|to
aquantiar	verbo	a|quan|ti|[ar]
aquaparque	nome masculino	a|qua|[par]|que
aquaplanagem	nome feminino	a|qua|pla|[na]|gem
aquaplanar	verbo	a|qua|pla|[nar]
aquaplaning	nome masculino	a|qua|pla|ning
aquaplano	nome masculino	a|qua|[pla]|no
aquapunctura	nome feminino	a|qua|punc|[tu]|ra
aquapuncturar	verbo	a|qua|punc|tu|[rar]
aquapuntura	nome feminino	a|qua|pun|[tu]|ra
aquapunturar	verbo	a|qua|pun|tu|[rar]
aquaquá	nome masculino	a|qua|[quá]
aquarela	nome feminino	a|qua|[re]|la
aquarelar	verbo	a|qua|re|[lar]
aquarelista	nome masculino	a|qua|re|[lis]|ta
aquarelista	nome feminino	a|qua|re|[lis]|ta
aquarelístico	adjetivo	a|qua|re|[lís]|ti|co
aquariano	nome masculino	a|qua|ri|[a]|no
aquariano	adjetivo	a|qua|ri|[a]|no
aquário	nome masculino	a|[quá]|ri|o
aquário	adjetivo	a|[quá]|ri|o
aquariofilia	nome feminino	a|qua|ri|o|fi|[li]|a
aquariófilo	adjetivo	a|qua|ri|[ó]|fi|lo
aquariófilo	nome masculino	a|qua|ri|[ó]|fi|lo
aquarismo	nome masculino	a|qua|[ris]|mo
aquarista	adjetivo	a|qua|[ris]|ta
aquarista	nome masculino	a|qua|[ris]|ta
aquarista	nome feminino	a|qua|[ris]|ta
aquarístico	adjetivo	a|qua|[rís]|ti|co
aquartalado	adjetivo	a|quar|ta|[la]|do
aquartelado	adjetivo	a|quar|te|[la]|do
aquartelamento	nome masculino	a|quar|te|la|[men]|to
aquartelar	verbo	a|quar|te|[lar]
aquartilhar	verbo	a|quar|ti|[lhar]
aquaticamente	advérbio	a|qua|ti|ca|[men]|te
aquático	adjetivo	a|[quá]|ti|co
aquático	nome masculino	a|[quá]|ti|co
aquátil	adjetivo	a|[quá]|til
aquatinta	nome feminino	a|qua|[tin]|ta
aquatofana	nome feminino	a|qua|to|[fa]|na
aquebrantar	verbo	a|que|bran|[tar]
aquecedela	nome feminino	a|que|ce|[de]|la
aquecedor	adjetivo	a|que|ce|[dor]
aquecedor	nome masculino	a|que|ce|[dor]
aquecedouro	nome masculino	a|que|ce|[dou]|ro
aquecer	verbo	a|que|[cer]
aquecimento	nome masculino	a|que|ci|[men]|to
aquecível	adjetivo	a|que|[cí]|vel
aquedar	verbo	a|que|[dar]
aqueduto	nome masculino	a|que|[du]|to
aqueia	nome feminino	a|[quei]|a
aquela	nome feminino	a|[que]|la
aquelança	nome feminino	a|que|[lan]|ça
aquelar	verbo	a|que|[lar]
àquele	contração	à|[que]|le
aquele	artigo demostrativo	a|[que]|le
aquele	pronome demostrativo	a|[que]|le
aqueloutro	artigo	a|que|[lou]|tro
aqueloutro	pronome demostrativo	a|que|[lou]|tro
àqueloutro	contração	à|que|[lou]|tro
aquém	advérbio	a|[quém]
aquém-fronteiras	advérbio	a|quém-fron|[tei]|ras
aquém-mar	advérbio	a|quém-mar
aquém-mar	nome masculino	a|quém-mar
aqueme	nome masculino	a|[que]|me
aquemeneres	interjeição	a|que|me|[ne]|res
aqueménida	adjetivo	a|que|[mé]|ni|da
aqueménida	nome masculino	a|que|[mé]|ni|da
aqueménida	nome feminino	a|que|[mé]|ni|da
aquemênida	nome feminino	a|que|[mê]|ni|da
aquemênida	nome masculino	a|que|[mê]|ni|da
aquemênida	adjetivo	a|que|[mê]|ni|da
aquemênio	adjetivo	a|que|[mê]|ni|o
aquemênio	nome masculino	a|que|[mê]|ni|o
aqueménio	adjetivo	a|que|[mé]|ni|o
aqueménio	nome masculino	a|que|[mé]|ni|o
aqueniano	adjetivo	a|que|ni|[a]|no
aquênio	nome masculino	a|[quê]|ni|o
aquénio	nome masculino	a|[qué]|ni|o
aquenódio	nome masculino	a|que|[nó]|di|o
aquense	adjetivo	a|[quen]|se
aquense	nome masculino	a|[quen]|se
aquense	nome feminino	a|[quen]|se
aquentador	adjetivo	a|quen|ta|[dor]
aquentador	nome masculino	a|quen|ta|[dor]
aquentamento	nome masculino	a|quen|ta|[men]|to
aquentar	verbo	a|quen|[tar]
aquentável	adjetivo	a|quen|[tá]|vel
áqueo	adjetivo	[á]|que|o
