arcelíneo	adjetivo	ar|ce|[lí]|ne|o
arcelíneo	nome masculino	ar|ce|[lí]|ne|o
arcete	nome masculino	ar|[ce]|te
arcêutide	nome feminino	ar|[cêu]|ti|de
arceutóbio	nome masculino	ar|ceu|[tó]|bi|o
arceutologia	nome feminino	ar|ceu|to|lo|[gi]|a
arceutológico	adjetivo	ar|ceu|to|[ló]|gi|co
arceutólogo	nome masculino	ar|ceu|[tó]|lo|go
archa	nome feminino	[ar]|cha
archeiro	nome masculino	ar|[chei]|ro
archeta	nome feminino	ar|[che]|ta
archete	nome masculino	ar|[che]|te
archi	nome masculino	ar|[chi]
archotada	nome feminino	ar|cho|[ta]|da
archote	nome masculino	ar|[cho]|te
archoteiro	nome masculino	ar|cho|[tei]|ro
archotista	nome masculino	ar|cho|[tis]|ta
archotista	nome feminino	ar|cho|[tis]|ta
arcífero	adjetivo	ar|[cí]|fe|ro
arcifinal	adjetivo	ar|ci|fi|[nal]
arcifinal	nome masculino	ar|ci|fi|[nal]
arcifinal	nome feminino	ar|ci|fi|[nal]
arcifínio	adjetivo	ar|ci|[fí]|ni|o
arcifínio	nome masculino	ar|ci|[fí]|ni|o
arciforme	adjetivo	ar|ci|[for]|me
arcipotente	adjetivo	ar|ci|po|[ten]|te
arciprestado	nome masculino	ar|ci|pres|[ta]|do
arciprestal	adjetivo	ar|ci|pres|[tal]
arcipreste	nome masculino	ar|ci|[pres]|te
arcíria	nome feminino	ar|[cí]|ri|a
arcitenente	adjetivo	ar|ci|te|[nen]|te
arco	nome masculino	[ar]|co
arco da chuva	nome masculino	[ar]|co da chu|va
arco da velha	nome masculino	[ar]|co da ve|lha
arco de Deus	nome masculino	[ar]|co de Deus
arco-celeste	nome masculino	ar|co-ce|[les]|te
arco-da-velha	nome masculino	ar|co-da-ve|lha
arco-de-pipa	nome masculino	ar|co-de-pi|pa
arco-íris	nome masculino	ar|co-í|ris
arco-irisado	adjetivo	ar|co-i|ri|[sa]|do
arco-irisar	verbo	ar|co-i|ri|[sar]
arco-verde	nome masculino	ar|co-ver|de
arcobotante	nome masculino	ar|co|bo|[tan]|te
arcoense	adjetivo	ar|co|[en]|se
arcoense	nome masculino	ar|co|[en]|se
arcoense	nome feminino	ar|co|[en]|se
arcolim	nome masculino	ar|co|[lim]
arcontado	nome masculino	ar|con|[ta]|do
arcontaria	nome feminino	ar|con|ta|[ri]|a
arconte	nome masculino	ar|[con]|te
arcôntico	adjetivo	ar|[côn]|ti|co
arcôntico	nome masculino	ar|[côn]|ti|co
arcoptose	nome feminino	ar|cop|[to]|se
arcorragia	nome feminino	ar|cor|ra|[gi]|a
arcorreia	nome feminino	ar|cor|[rei]|a
arcorreico	adjetivo	ar|cor|[rei]|co
arcose	nome feminino	ar|[co]|se
arcoso	adjetivo	ar|[co]|so
arcoso	nome masculino	ar|[co]|so
arcossólio	nome masculino	ar|cos|[só]|li|o
arcózio	nome masculino	ar|[có]|zi|o
arctação	nome feminino	arc|ta|[ção]
arctar	verbo	arc|[tar]
árctico	adjetivo	[árc]|ti|co
árctico	nome masculino	[árc]|ti|co
arctícola	adjetivo	arc|[tí]|co|la
arctícola	nome feminino	arc|[tí]|co|la
arctídeo	nome masculino	arc|[tí]|de|o
arctocéfalo	adjetivo	arc|to|[cé]|fa|lo
arctocéfalo	nome masculino	arc|to|[cé]|fa|lo
arctopiteco	nome masculino	arc|to|pi|[te]|co
arctópode	nome masculino	arc|[tó]|po|de
arcual	adjetivo	ar|cu|[al]
arcuar	verbo	ar|cu|[ar]
arcubalista	nome feminino	ar|cu|ba|[lis]|ta
arcuense	adjetivo	ar|cu|[en]|se
arcuense	nome masculino	ar|cu|[en]|se
arcuense	nome feminino	ar|cu|[en]|se
arculho	nome masculino	ar|[cu]|lho
arcunferência	nome feminino	ar|cun|fe|[rên]|ci|a
arda	nome feminino	[ar]|da
árdea	nome feminino	[ár]|de|a
ardeate	adjetivo	ar|de|[a]|te
ardeate	nome masculino	ar|de|[a]|te
ardeate	nome feminino	ar|de|[a]|te
ardeatino	adjetivo	ar|de|a|[ti]|no
ardego	adjetivo	ar|[de]|go
ardeida	nome masculino	ar|[dei]|da
ardeida	nome masculino	ar|[dei]|da
ardeida	adjetivo	ar|[dei]|da
ardeídeo	adjetivo	ar|de|[í]|de|o
ardeídeo	nome masculino	ar|de|[í]|de|o
ardeídeo	nome masculino	ar|de|[í]|de|o
ardelião	nome masculino	ar|de|li|[ão]
ardência	nome feminino	ar|[dên]|ci|a
ardente	adjetivo	ar|[den]|te
ardentemente	advérbio	ar|den|te|[men]|te
ardentia	nome feminino	ar|den|[ti]|a
ardentoso	adjetivo	ar|den|[to]|so
arder	verbo	ar|[der]
