argamassador	nome masculino	ar|ga|mas|sa|[dor]
argamassar	verbo	ar|ga|mas|[sar]
arganaça	nome feminino	ar|ga|[na]|ça
arganaz	nome masculino	ar|ga|[naz]
arganel	nome masculino	ar|ga|[nel]
arganéu	nome masculino	ar|ga|[néu]
argânia	nome feminino	ar|[gâ]|ni|a
arganil	nome masculino	ar|ga|[nil]
arganilense	nome masculino	ar|ga|ni|[len]|se
arganilense	adjetivo	ar|ga|ni|[len]|se
arganilense	nome feminino	ar|ga|ni|[len]|se
arganiz	nome masculino	ar|ga|[niz]
argano	nome masculino	ar|[ga]|no
argão	nome masculino	ar|[gão]
argau	nome masculino	ar|[gau]
argavaço	nome masculino	ar|ga|[va]|ço
argel	adjetivo	ar|[gel]
argel	nome masculino	ar|[gel]
argelado	adjetivo	ar|ge|[la]|do
argeliano	adjetivo	ar|ge|li|[a]|no
argeliano	nome masculino	ar|ge|li|[a]|no
argelina	nome feminino	ar|ge|[li]|na
argelino	nome masculino	ar|ge|[li]|no
argelino	adjetivo	ar|ge|[li]|no
argelo-marroquino	adjetivo	ar|ge|lo-mar|ro|[qui]|no
argelo-tunisiano	adjetivo	ar|ge|lo-tu|ni|si|[a]|no
argelo-tunisino	adjetivo	ar|ge|lo-tu|ni|[si]|no
argemona	nome feminino	ar|ge|[mo]|na
argemonina	nome feminino	ar|ge|mo|[ni]|na
argempel	nome masculino	ar|gem|[pel]
argentador	adjetivo	ar|gen|ta|[dor]
argentador	nome masculino	ar|gen|ta|[dor]
argentamina	nome feminino	ar|gen|ta|[mi]|na
argentão	nome masculino	ar|gen|[tão]
argentar	verbo	ar|gen|[tar]
argentaria	nome feminino	ar|gen|ta|[ri]|a
argentária	nome feminino	ar|gen|[tá]|ri|a
argentário	nome masculino	ar|gen|[tá]|ri|o
argentarismo	nome masculino	ar|gen|ta|[ris]|mo
argentarístico	adjetivo	ar|gen|ta|[rís]|ti|co
argentato	nome masculino	ar|gen|[ta]|to
argentear	verbo	ar|gen|te|[ar]
argênteo	adjetivo	ar|[gên]|te|o
argenticerúleo	adjetivo	ar|gen|ti|ce|[rú]|le|o
argenticérulo	adjetivo	ar|gen|ti|[cé]|ru|lo
argêntico	adjetivo	ar|[gên]|ti|co
argentífero	adjetivo	ar|gen|[tí]|fe|ro
argentífico	adjetivo	ar|gen|[tí]|fi|co
argentifólio	adjetivo	ar|gen|ti|[fó]|li|o
argentina	nome feminino	ar|gen|[ti]|na
argentinada	nome feminino	ar|gen|ti|[na]|da
argentinar	verbo	ar|gen|ti|[nar]
argentinidade	nome feminino	ar|gen|ti|ni|[da]|de
argentino	nome masculino	ar|gen|[ti]|no
argentino	adjetivo	ar|gen|[ti]|no
argentita	nome feminino	ar|gen|[ti]|ta
argentite	nome feminino	ar|gen|[ti]|te
argento	nome masculino	ar|[gen]|to
argentometria	nome feminino	ar|gen|to|me|[tri]|a
argentométrico	adjetivo	ar|gen|to|[mé]|tri|co
argentómetro	nome masculino	ar|gen|[tó]|me|tro
argentoso	adjetivo	ar|gen|[to]|so
argila	nome feminino	ar|[gi]|la
argiláceo	adjetivo	ar|gi|[lá]|ce|o
argilarenoso	adjetivo	ar|gi|la|re|[no]|so
argileira	nome feminino	ar|gi|[lei]|ra
argiletano	adjetivo	ar|gi|le|[ta]|no
argiletano	nome masculino	ar|gi|le|[ta]|no
argília	nome feminino	ar|[gí]|li|a
argilífero	adjetivo	ar|gi|[lí]|fe|ro
argiliforme	adjetivo	ar|gi|li|[for]|me
argilite	nome feminino	ar|gi|[li]|te
argilito	nome masculino	ar|gi|[li]|to
argiloarenoso	adjetivo	ar|gi|lo|a|re|[no]|so
argilofagia	nome feminino	ar|gi|lo|fa|[gi]|a
argilófiro	nome masculino	ar|gi|[ló]|fi|ro
argiloide	adjetivo	ar|gi|[loi]|de
argilolítico	adjetivo	ar|gi|lo|[lí]|ti|co
argilólito	nome masculino	ar|gi|[ló]|li|to
argiloso	adjetivo	ar|gi|[lo]|so
argina	nome feminino	ar|[gi]|na
arginina	nome feminino	ar|gi|[ni]|na
argipeu	adjetivo	ar|gi|[peu]
argipeu	nome masculino	ar|gi|[peu]
argirântemo	adjetivo	ar|gi|[rân]|te|mo
argiráspide	nome masculino	ar|gi|[rás]|pi|de
argírico	adjetivo	ar|[gí]|ri|co
argirismo	nome masculino	ar|gi|[ris]|mo
argirite	nome feminino	ar|gi|[ri]|te
argirocéfalo	adjetivo	ar|gi|ro|[cé]|fa|lo
argirócomo	adjetivo	ar|gi|[ró]|co|mo
argirocracia	nome feminino	ar|gi|ro|cra|[ci]|a
argirocrata	adjetivo	ar|gi|ro|[cra]|ta
argirocrata	nome masculino	ar|gi|ro|[cra]|ta
argirocrata	nome feminino	ar|gi|ro|[cra]|ta
argirocrático	adjetivo	ar|gi|ro|[crá]|ti|co
argirofilo	adjetivo	ar|gi|ro|[fi]|lo
argirol	nome masculino	ar|gi|[rol]
argirólito	nome masculino	ar|gi|[ró]|li|to
argiróptero	adjetivo	ar|gi|[róp]|te|ro
