arquigeronte	nome masculino	ar|qui|ge|[ron]|te
arquilaúde	nome masculino	ar|qui|la|[ú]|de
arquilevita	nome masculino	ar|qui|le|[vi]|ta
arquilexema	nome masculino	ar|qui|le|[xe]|ma
arquilho	nome masculino	ar|[qui]|lho
arquilinfático	adjetivo	ar|qui|lin|[fá]|ti|co
arquiloquiano	adjetivo	ar|qui|lo|qui|[a]|no
arquilóquio	adjetivo	ar|qui|[ló]|qui|o
arquilóquio	nome masculino	ar|qui|[ló]|qui|o
arquimagiro	nome masculino	ar|qui|ma|[gi]|ro
arquimago	nome masculino	ar|qui|[ma]|go
arquimandrita	nome masculino	ar|qui|man|[dri]|ta
arquimandritado	nome masculino	ar|qui|man|dri|[ta]|do
arquimandritato	nome masculino	ar|qui|man|dri|[ta]|to
arquimártir	nome masculino	ar|qui|[már]|tir
arquimilionário	adjetivo	ar|qui|mi|li|o|[ná]|ri|o
arquimilionário	nome masculino	ar|qui|mi|li|o|[ná]|ri|o
arquimimo	nome masculino	ar|qui|[mi]|mo
arquiministro	nome masculino	ar|qui|mi|[nis]|tro
arquimorto	adjetivo	ar|qui|[mor]|to
arquimosteiro	nome masculino	ar|qui|mos|[tei]|ro
arquinauta	nome masculino	ar|qui|[nau]|ta
arquinave	nome feminino	ar|qui|[na]|ve
arquineanisco	nome masculino	ar|qui|ne|a|[nis]|co
arquinha	nome feminino	ar|[qui]|nha
arquinho	nome masculino	ar|[qui]|nho
arquinhos	nome masculino	ar|[qui]|nhos
arquinotário	nome masculino	ar|qui|no|[tá]|ri|o
arquiparafonista	nome masculino	ar|qui|pa|ra|fo|[nis]|ta
arquipelágico	adjetivo	ar|qui|pe|[lá]|gi|co
arquipélago	nome masculino	ar|qui|[pé]|la|go
arquipélago-estado	nome masculino	ar|qui|pé|la|go-es|[ta]|do
arquipiloto	nome masculino	ar|qui|pi|[lo]|to
arquipirata	nome masculino	ar|qui|pi|[ra]|ta
arquipirático	adjetivo	ar|qui|pi|[rá]|ti|co
arquipope	nome masculino	ar|qui|[po]|pe
arquipotente	adjetivo	ar|qui|po|[ten]|te
arquipresbítero	nome masculino	ar|qui|pres|[bí]|te|ro
arquiprior	nome masculino	ar|qui|pri|[or]
arquipriorado	nome masculino	ar|qui|pri|o|[ra]|do
arquipriorato	nome masculino	ar|qui|pri|o|[ra]|to
arquiprofeta	nome masculino	ar|qui|pro|[fe]|ta
arquíptero	nome masculino	ar|[quíp]|te|ro
arquirrabino	nome masculino	ar|quir|ra|[bi]|no
arquirrival	adjetivo	ar|quir|ri|[val]
arquirrival	nome masculino	ar|quir|ri|[val]
arquirrival	nome feminino	ar|quir|ri|[val]
arquirrivalidade	nome feminino	ar|quir|ri|va|li|[da]|de
arquissacerdote	nome masculino	ar|quis|sa|cer|[do]|te
arquissão	adjetivo	ar|quis|[são]
arquissátrapa	nome masculino	ar|quis|[sá]|tra|pa
arquissecular	adjetivo	ar|quis|se|cu|[lar]
arquissenescal	nome masculino	ar|quis|se|nes|[cal]
arquissinagoga	nome feminino	ar|quis|si|na|[go]|ga
arquissinagogo	nome masculino	ar|quis|si|na|[go]|go
arquissistro	nome masculino	ar|quis|[sis]|tro
arquissofista	nome masculino	ar|quis|so|[fis]|ta
arquistratego	nome masculino	ar|quis|tra|[te]|go
arquitão	nome masculino	ar|qui|[tão]
arquitaria	nome feminino	ar|qui|ta|[ri]|a
arquitesoureiro	nome masculino	ar|qui|te|sou|[rei]|ro
arquiteta	nome feminino	ar|qui|[te]|ta
arquitetação	nome feminino	ar|qui|te|ta|[ção]
arquitetar	verbo	ar|qui|te|[tar]
arquitetável	adjetivo	ar|qui|te|[tá]|vel
arquiteto	nome masculino	ar|qui|[te]|to
arquitetônica	nome feminino	ar|qui|te|[tô]|ni|ca
arquitetónica	nome feminino	ar|qui|te|[tó]|ni|ca
arquitetonicamente	advérbio	ar|qui|te|to|ni|ca|[men]|te
arquitetônico	adjetivo	ar|qui|te|[tô]|ni|co
arquitetónico	adjetivo	ar|qui|te|[tó]|ni|co
arquitetonografia	nome feminino	ar|qui|te|to|no|gra|[fi]|a
arquitetonográfico	adjetivo	ar|qui|te|to|no|[grá]|fi|co
arquitetonógrafo	nome masculino	ar|qui|te|to|[nó]|gra|fo
arquitetor	nome masculino	ar|qui|te|[tor]
arquitetravô	nome masculino	ar|qui|te|tra|[vô]
arquitetura	nome feminino	ar|qui|te|[tu]|ra
arquitetural	adjetivo	ar|qui|te|tu|[ral]
arquiteturismo	nome masculino	ar|qui|te|tu|[ris]|mo
arquiteturista	nome masculino	ar|qui|te|tu|[ris]|ta
arquiteturista	nome feminino	ar|qui|te|tu|[ris]|ta
arquitolo	adjetivo	ar|qui|[to]|lo
arquitolo	nome masculino	ar|qui|[to]|lo
arquitravada	nome feminino	ar|qui|tra|[va]|da
arquitravado	adjetivo	ar|qui|tra|[va]|do
arquitrave	nome feminino	ar|qui|[tra]|ve
arquitriclínio	nome masculino	ar|qui|tri|[clí]|ni|o
arquitriclino	nome masculino	ar|qui|tri|[cli]|no
arquitrovão	nome masculino	ar|qui|tro|[vão]
arquivado	adjetivo	ar|qui|[va]|do
arquivador	nome masculino	ar|qui|va|[dor]
arquivamento	nome masculino	ar|qui|va|[men]|to
arquivar	verbo	ar|qui|[var]
arquivável	adjetivo	ar|qui|[vá]|vel
arquiviota	nome feminino	ar|qui|vi|[o]|ta
arquivista	nome masculino	ar|qui|[vis]|ta
arquivista	adjetivo	ar|qui|[vis]|ta
arquivista	nome feminino	ar|qui|[vis]|ta
arquivística	nome feminino	ar|qui|[vís]|ti|ca
arquivisticamente	advérbio	ar|qui|vis|ti|ca|[men]|te
