arquivístico	adjetivo	ar|qui|[vís]|ti|co
arquivo	nome masculino	ar|[qui]|vo
arquivologia	nome feminino	ar|qui|vo|lo|[gi]|a
arquivológico	adjetivo	ar|qui|vo|[ló]|gi|co
arquivologista	nome masculino	ar|qui|vo|lo|[gis]|ta
arquivologista	nome feminino	ar|qui|vo|lo|[gis]|ta
arquivólogo	nome masculino	ar|qui|[vó]|lo|go
arquivolta	nome feminino	ar|qui|[vol]|ta
arquivulgar	adjetivo	ar|qui|vul|[gar]
arquiz	nome masculino	ar|[quiz]
arrã	nome feminino	ar|[rã]
arrabaça	nome feminino	ar|ra|[ba]|ça
arrabalde	nome masculino	ar|ra|[bal]|de
arrabaldeiro	nome masculino	ar|ra|bal|[dei]|ro
arrabaldeiro	adjetivo	ar|ra|bal|[dei]|ro
arrabaldino	adjetivo	ar|ra|bal|[di]|no
arrabaldino	nome masculino	ar|ra|bal|[di]|no
arrabar	verbo	ar|ra|[bar]
arrabeirar	verbo	ar|ra|bei|[rar]
arrabi	nome masculino	ar|ra|[bi]
arrabi-mor	nome masculino	ar|ra|bi-mor
arrábido	nome masculino	ar|[rá]|bi|do
arrábido	adjetivo	ar|[rá]|bi|do
arrabil	nome masculino	ar|ra|[bil]
arrabileiro	nome masculino	ar|ra|bi|[lei]|ro
arrabilete	nome masculino	ar|ra|bi|[le]|te
arrabinado	adjetivo	ar|ra|bi|[na]|do
arrabio	nome masculino	ar|ra|[bi]|o
arrabujar	verbo	ar|ra|bu|[jar]
arrabunhar	verbo	ar|ra|bu|[nhar]
arraçado	adjetivo	ar|ra|[ça]|do
arraçar	verbo	ar|ra|[çar]
arracimar	verbo	ar|ra|ci|[mar]
arraçoamento	nome masculino	ar|ra|ço|a|[men]|to
arraçoar	verbo	ar|ra|ço|[ar]
arraia	nome feminino	ar|[rai]|a
arraia-miúda	nome feminino	ar|rai|a-mi|[ú]|da
arraiada	nome feminino	ar|rai|[a]|da
arraiado	adjetivo	ar|rai|[a]|do
arraial	nome masculino	ar|rai|[al]
arraial	interjeição	ar|rai|[al]
arraialar	verbo	ar|rai|a|[lar]
arraialeiro	nome masculino	ar|rai|a|[lei]|ro
arraialesco	adjetivo	ar|rai|a|[les]|co
arraiana	nome feminino	ar|rai|[a]|na
arraiano	adjetivo	ar|rai|[a]|no
arraiano	nome masculino	ar|rai|[a]|no
arraião	nome masculino	ar|rai|[ão]
arraiar	verbo	ar|rai|[ar]
arraieira	nome feminino	ar|rai|[ei]|ra
arraigada	nome feminino	ar|rai|[ga]|da
arraigadamente	advérbio	ar|rai|ga|da|[men]|te
arraigado	adjetivo	ar|rai|[ga]|do
arraigamento	nome masculino	ar|rai|ga|[men]|to
arraigar	verbo	ar|rai|[gar]
arraigável	adjetivo	ar|rai|[gá]|vel
arraigota	nome feminino	ar|rai|[go]|ta
arraiolense	nome masculino	ar|rai|o|[len]|se
arraiolense	adjetivo	ar|rai|o|[len]|se
arraiolense	nome feminino	ar|rai|o|[len]|se
arraiolos	nome masculino	ar|rai|[o]|los
arrair	verbo	ar|ra|[ir]
arrais	nome masculino	ar|[rais]
arral	adjetivo	ar|[ral]
arralar	verbo	ar|ra|[lar]
arralentar	verbo	ar|ra|len|[tar]
arramada	nome feminino	ar|ra|[ma]|da
arramado	adjetivo	ar|ra|[ma]|do
arramalhado	adjetivo	ar|ra|ma|[lha]|do
arramalhar	verbo	ar|ra|ma|[lhar]
arramar	verbo	ar|ra|[mar]
arrampado	adjetivo	ar|ram|[pa]|do
arrampado	nome masculino	ar|ram|[pa]|do
arrampadoiro	nome masculino	ar|ram|pa|[doi]|ro
arrampadouro	nome masculino	ar|ram|pa|[dou]|ro
arrampanar	verbo	ar|ram|pa|[nar]
arranca	nome feminino	ar|[ran]|ca
arranca-dentes	nome masculino	ar|ran|ca-den|tes
arranca-dentes	nome feminino	ar|ran|ca-den|tes
arranca-milho	nome masculino	ar|ran|ca-mi|lho
arranca-pinheiros	nome masculino	ar|ran|ca-pi|[nhei]|ros
arranca-pregos	nome masculino	ar|ran|ca-pre|gos
arranca-rabo	nome masculino	ar|ran|ca-ra|bo
arranca-sonda	nome masculino	ar|ran|ca-son|da
arranca-tocos	nome masculino	ar|ran|ca-to|cos
arranca-tubos	nome masculino	ar|ran|ca-tu|bos
arrancada	nome feminino	ar|ran|[ca]|da
arrancadamente	advérbio	ar|ran|ca|da|[men]|te
arrancadeira	nome feminino	ar|ran|ca|[dei]|ra
arrancadela	nome feminino	ar|ran|ca|[de]|la
arrancado	adjetivo	ar|ran|[ca]|do
arrancador	adjetivo	ar|ran|ca|[dor]
arrancador	nome masculino	ar|ran|ca|[dor]
arrancadura	nome feminino	ar|ran|ca|[du]|ra
arrancamento	nome masculino	ar|ran|ca|[men]|to
arrancão	nome masculino	ar|ran|[cão]
arrancar	verbo	ar|ran|[car]
arrancável	adjetivo	ar|ran|[cá]|vel
arranchação	nome feminino	ar|ran|cha|[ção]
arranchamento	nome masculino	ar|ran|cha|[men]|to
