arranchar	verbo	ar|ran|[char]
arranco	nome masculino	ar|[ran]|co
arrancorar	verbo	ar|ran|co|[rar]
arranha	nome feminino	ar|[ra]|nha
arranha-céu	nome masculino	ar|ra|nha-céu
arranha-céus	nome masculino	ar|ra|nha-céus
arranhadela	nome feminino	ar|ra|nha|[de]|la
arranhado	adjetivo	ar|ra|[nha]|do
arranhador	adjetivo	ar|ra|nha|[dor]
arranhador	nome masculino	ar|ra|nha|[dor]
arranhadura	nome feminino	ar|ra|nha|[du]|ra
arranhão	nome masculino	ar|ra|[nhão]
arranhar	verbo	ar|ra|[nhar]
arranhosa	nome feminino	ar|ra|[nho]|sa
arranita	nome feminino	ar|ra|[ni]|ta
arranjadeiro	adjetivo	ar|ran|ja|[dei]|ro
arranjadela	nome feminino	ar|ran|ja|[de]|la
arranjado	adjetivo	ar|ran|[ja]|do
arranjador	nome masculino	ar|ran|ja|[dor]
arranjador	adjetivo	ar|ran|ja|[dor]
arranjadora	nome feminino	ar|ran|ja|[do]|ra
arranjamento	nome masculino	ar|ran|ja|[men]|to
arranjão	nome masculino	ar|ran|[jão]
arranjar	verbo	ar|ran|[jar]
arranjável	adjetivo	ar|ran|[já]|vel
arranjinho	nome masculino	ar|ran|[ji]|nho
arranjismo	nome masculino	ar|ran|[jis]|mo
arranjista	nome masculino	ar|ran|[jis]|ta
arranjista	nome feminino	ar|ran|[jis]|ta
arranjo	nome masculino	ar|[ran]|jo
arranque	nome masculino	ar|[ran]|que
arrapazado	adjetivo	ar|ra|pa|[za]|do
arrapazar	verbo	ar|ra|pa|[zar]
arrapiar	verbo	ar|ra|pi|[ar]
arrapinar	verbo	ar|ra|pi|[nar]
arraposado	adjetivo	ar|ra|po|[sa]|do
arraposar	verbo	ar|ra|po|[sar]
arrarar	verbo	ar|ra|[rar]
arras	nome feminino	[ar]|ras
arrás	nome masculino	ar|[rás]
arrasa	nome feminino	ar|[ra]|sa
arrasadeira	nome feminino	ar|ra|sa|[dei]|ra
arrasado	adjetivo	ar|ra|[sa]|do
arrasador	adjetivo	ar|ra|sa|[dor]
arrasador	nome masculino	ar|ra|sa|[dor]
arrasadora	nome feminino	ar|ra|sa|[do]|ra
arrasadura	nome feminino	ar|ra|sa|[du]|ra
arrasamento	nome masculino	ar|ra|sa|[men]|to
arrasante	adjetivo	ar|ra|[san]|te
arrasar	verbo	ar|ra|[sar]
arrasável	adjetivo	ar|ra|[sá]|vel
arrascanhar	verbo	ar|ras|ca|[nhar]
arrasista	nome masculino	ar|ra|[sis]|ta
arrasista	nome feminino	ar|ra|[sis]|ta
arrasourar	verbo	ar|ra|sou|[rar]
arrasta	nome feminino	ar|[ras]|ta
arrasta-pé	nome masculino	ar|ras|ta-pé
arrastadamente	advérbio	ar|ras|ta|da|[men]|te
arrastadeira	nome feminino	ar|ras|ta|[dei]|ra
arrastadeiro	adjetivo	ar|ras|ta|[dei]|ro
arrastadiço	adjetivo	ar|ras|ta|[di]|ço
arrastado	adjetivo	ar|ras|[ta]|do
arrastado	nome masculino	ar|ras|[ta]|do
arrastador	adjetivo	ar|ras|ta|[dor]
arrastador	nome masculino	ar|ras|ta|[dor]
arrastadouro	nome masculino	ar|ras|ta|[dou]|ro
arrastadura	nome feminino	ar|ras|ta|[du]|ra
arrastamento	nome masculino	ar|ras|ta|[men]|to
arrastão	nome masculino	ar|ras|[tão]
arrastar	verbo	ar|ras|[tar]
arrastável	adjetivo	ar|ras|[tá]|vel
arrastelar	verbo	ar|ras|te|[lar]
arrasto	nome masculino	ar|[ras]|to
arrastrar	verbo	ar|ras|[trar]
arrastre	nome masculino	ar|[ras]|tre
arrátel	nome masculino	ar|[rá]|tel
arratelar	verbo	ar|ra|te|[lar]
arrazoação	nome feminino	ar|ra|zo|a|[ção]
arrazoadamente	advérbio	ar|ra|zo|a|da|[men]|te
arrazoado	adjetivo	ar|ra|zo|[a]|do
arrazoado	nome masculino	ar|ra|zo|[a]|do
arrazoador	nome masculino	ar|ra|zo|a|[dor]
arrazoamento	nome masculino	ar|ra|zo|a|[men]|to
arrazoar	verbo	ar|ra|zo|[ar]
arre	interjeição	[ar]|re
arre	nome masculino	[ar]|re
arre-burrinho	nome masculino	ar|re-bur|[ri]|nho
arreação	nome feminino	ar|re|a|[ção]
arreado	adjetivo	ar|re|[a]|do
arreador	nome masculino	ar|re|a|[dor]
arreamento	nome masculino	ar|re|a|[men]|to
arrear	verbo	ar|re|[ar]
arrearia	nome feminino	ar|re|a|[ri]|a
arreata	nome feminino	ar|re|[a]|ta
arreatada	nome feminino	ar|re|a|[ta]|da
arreatadura	nome feminino	ar|re|a|ta|[du]|ra
arreatar	verbo	ar|re|a|[tar]
arrebadela	nome feminino	ar|re|ba|[de]|la
arrebanhador	adjetivo	ar|re|ba|nha|[dor]
arrebanhador	nome masculino	ar|re|ba|nha|[dor]
