arrenda	nome feminino	ar|[ren]|da
arrendação	nome feminino	ar|ren|da|[ção]
arrendada	nome feminino	ar|ren|[da]|da
arrendado	adjetivo	ar|ren|[da]|do
arrendado	nome masculino	ar|ren|[da]|do
arrendador	nome masculino	ar|ren|da|[dor]
arrendamento	nome masculino	ar|ren|da|[men]|to
arrendar	verbo	ar|ren|[dar]
arrendatária	nome feminino	ar|ren|da|[tá]|ri|a
arrendatário	nome masculino	ar|ren|da|[tá]|ri|o
arrendável	adjetivo	ar|ren|[dá]|vel
arrenega	nome feminino	ar|re|[ne]|ga
arrenegação	nome feminino	ar|re|ne|ga|[ção]
arrenegada	nome feminino	ar|re|ne|[ga]|da
arrenegado	adjetivo	ar|re|ne|[ga]|do
arrenegado	nome masculino	ar|re|ne|[ga]|do
arrenegador	nome masculino	ar|re|ne|ga|[dor]
arrenegar	verbo	ar|re|ne|[gar]
arrenego	nome masculino	ar|re|[ne]|go
arrenego	interjeição	ar|re|[ne]|go
arrenóptero	nome masculino	ar|re|[nóp]|te|ro
arrenotocia	nome feminino	ar|re|no|to|[ci]|a
arrentar	verbo	ar|ren|[tar]
arrenuro	nome masculino	ar|re|[nu]|ro
arrepanhação	nome feminino	ar|re|pa|nha|[ção]
arrepanhado	adjetivo	ar|re|pa|[nha]|do
arrepanhar	verbo	ar|re|pa|[nhar]
arrepanhia	nome feminino	ar|re|pa|[nhi]|a
arrepanho	nome masculino	ar|re|[pa]|nho
arrepela	nome feminino	ar|re|[pe]|la
arrepelação	nome feminino	ar|re|pe|la|[ção]
arrepelada	nome feminino	ar|re|pe|[la]|da
arrepeladela	nome feminino	ar|re|pe|la|[de]|la
arrepelado	adjetivo	ar|re|pe|[la]|do
arrepelador	adjetivo	ar|re|pe|la|[dor]
arrepelador	nome masculino	ar|re|pe|la|[dor]
arrepelamento	nome masculino	ar|re|pe|la|[men]|to
arrepelão	nome masculino	ar|re|pe|[lão]
arrepelar	verbo	ar|re|pe|[lar]
arrepelo	nome masculino	ar|re|[pe]|lo
arrepender	verbo	ar|re|pen|[der]
arrependida	nome feminino	ar|re|pen|[di]|da
arrependido	adjetivo	ar|re|pen|[di]|do
arrependido	nome masculino	ar|re|pen|[di]|do
arrependimento	nome masculino	ar|re|pen|di|[men]|to
arrepente	nome masculino	ar|re|[pen]|te
arrepia	nome feminino	ar|re|[pi]|a
arrepia	nome masculino	ar|re|[pi]|a
arrepia-cabelo	nome masculino	ar|re|pi|a-ca|[be]|lo
arrepia-cabelo	nome feminino	ar|re|pi|a-ca|[be]|lo
arrepia-cabelo	advérbio	ar|re|pi|a-ca|[be]|lo
arrepiado	adjetivo	ar|re|pi|[a]|do
arrepiador	adjetivo	ar|re|pi|a|[dor]
arrepiadura	nome feminino	ar|re|pi|a|[du]|ra
arrepiamento	nome masculino	ar|re|pi|a|[men]|to
arrepiante	adjetivo	ar|re|pi|[an]|te
arrepiar	verbo	ar|re|pi|[ar]
arrepio	nome masculino	ar|re|[pi]|o
arrepique	nome masculino	ar|re|[pi]|que
arrepolhado	adjetivo	ar|re|po|[lha]|do
arrepolhar	verbo	ar|re|po|[lhar]
arrepsia	nome feminino	ar|rep|[si]|a
arréptico	adjetivo	ar|[rép]|ti|co
arrequifar	verbo	ar|re|qui|[far]
arrequife	nome masculino	ar|re|[qui]|fe
arrequim	nome masculino	ar|re|[quim]
arrequiz	nome masculino	ar|re|[quiz]
arrestado	adjetivo	ar|res|[ta]|do
arrestado	nome masculino	ar|res|[ta]|do
arrestante	nome masculino	ar|res|[tan]|te
arrestante	nome feminino	ar|res|[tan]|te
arrestar	verbo	ar|res|[tar]
arresto	nome masculino	ar|[res]|to
arretado	adjetivo	ar|re|[ta]|do
arretadura	nome feminino	ar|re|ta|[du]|ra
arretar	verbo	ar|re|[tar]
arreto	nome masculino	ar|[re]|to
arretrasado	adjetivo	ar|re|tra|[sa]|do
arreu	adjetivo	ar|[reu]
arreu	nome masculino	ar|[reu]
arreumático	adjetivo	ar|reu|[má]|ti|co
arrevesadamente	advérbio	ar|re|ve|sa|da|[men]|te
arrevesado	adjetivo	ar|re|ve|[sa]|do
arrevesar	verbo	ar|re|ve|[sar]
arreveso	nome masculino	ar|re|[ve]|so
arrevessado	nome masculino	ar|re|ves|[sa]|do
arrevessado	adjetivo	ar|re|ves|[sa]|do
arrevessar	verbo	ar|re|ves|[sar]
arrevesso	nome masculino	ar|re|[ves]|so
arrevesso	adjetivo	ar|re|[ves]|so
arriação	nome feminino	ar|ri|a|[ção]
arriada	nome feminino	ar|ri|[a]|da
arriado	adjetivo	ar|ri|[a]|do
arriador	nome masculino	ar|ri|a|[dor]
arriamento	nome masculino	ar|ri|a|[men]|to
arriar	verbo	ar|ri|[ar]
arriaria	nome feminino	ar|ri|a|[ri]|a
arriaz	nome masculino	ar|ri|[az]
arriba	nome feminino	ar|[ri]|ba
arriba	advérbio	ar|[ri]|ba
