arrojado	nome masculino	ar|ro|[ja]|do
arrojador	adjetivo	ar|ro|ja|[dor]
arrojador	nome masculino	ar|ro|ja|[dor]
arrojadura	nome feminino	ar|ro|ja|[du]|ra
arrojamento	nome masculino	ar|ro|ja|[men]|to
arrojão	nome masculino	ar|ro|[jão]
arrojar	verbo	ar|ro|[jar]
arrojeitar	verbo	ar|ro|jei|[tar]
arrojeito	nome masculino	ar|ro|[jei]|to
arrojo	nome masculino	ar|[ro]|jo
arrolada	nome feminino	ar|ro|[la]|da
arrolado	adjetivo	ar|ro|[la]|do
arrolado	nome masculino	ar|ro|[la]|do
arrolador	adjetivo	ar|ro|la|[dor]
arrolador	nome masculino	ar|ro|la|[dor]
arrolamento	nome masculino	ar|ro|la|[men]|to
arrolar	verbo	ar|ro|[lar]
arrolável	adjetivo	ar|ro|[lá]|vel
arrolhador	nome masculino	ar|ro|lha|[dor]
arrolhamento	nome masculino	ar|ro|lha|[men]|to
arrolhar	verbo	ar|ro|[lhar]
arrolho	nome masculino	ar|[ro]|lho
arrolo	nome masculino	ar|[ro]|lo
arromanar	verbo	ar|ro|ma|[nar]
arromançar	verbo	ar|ro|man|[çar]
arromba	nome feminino	ar|[rom]|ba
arrombada	nome feminino	ar|rom|[ba]|da
arrombadela	nome feminino	ar|rom|ba|[de]|la
arrombadiço	adjetivo	ar|rom|ba|[di]|ço
arrombado	adjetivo	ar|rom|[ba]|do
arrombador	adjetivo	ar|rom|ba|[dor]
arrombador	nome masculino	ar|rom|ba|[dor]
arrombadora	nome feminino	ar|rom|ba|[do]|ra
arrombamento	nome masculino	ar|rom|ba|[men]|to
arrombar	verbo	ar|rom|[bar]
arrombável	adjetivo	ar|rom|[bá]|vel
arronchense	adjetivo	ar|ron|[chen]|se
arronchense	nome masculino	ar|ron|[chen]|se
arronchense	nome feminino	ar|ron|[chen]|se
arrosetado	adjetivo	ar|ro|se|[ta]|do
arrostador	adjetivo	ar|ros|ta|[dor]
arrostador	nome masculino	ar|ros|ta|[dor]
arrostar	verbo	ar|ros|[tar]
arrota	nome feminino	ar|[ro]|ta
arrotação	nome feminino	ar|ro|ta|[ção]
arrotador	adjetivo	ar|ro|ta|[dor]
arrotador	nome masculino	ar|ro|ta|[dor]
arrotadura	nome feminino	ar|ro|ta|[du]|ra
arrotar	verbo	ar|ro|[tar]
arrote	nome masculino	ar|[ro]|te
arroteação	nome feminino	ar|ro|te|a|[ção]
arroteado	adjetivo	ar|ro|te|[a]|do
arroteador	nome masculino	ar|ro|te|a|[dor]
arroteamento	nome masculino	ar|ro|te|a|[men]|to
arrotear	verbo	ar|ro|te|[ar]
arroteável	adjetivo	ar|ro|te|[á]|vel
arroteia	nome feminino	ar|ro|[tei]|a
arroto	nome masculino	ar|[ro]|to
arroubamento	nome masculino	ar|rou|ba|[men]|to
arroubar	verbo	ar|rou|[bar]
arroubo	nome masculino	ar|[rou]|bo
arroupar	verbo	ar|rou|[par]
arroxado	adjetivo	ar|ro|[xa]|do
arroxado	nome masculino	ar|ro|[xa]|do
arroxar	verbo	ar|ro|[xar]
arroxeado	nome masculino	ar|ro|xe|[a]|do
arroxeado	adjetivo	ar|ro|xe|[a]|do
arroxear	verbo	ar|ro|xe|[ar]
arroz	nome masculino	ar|[roz]
arroz de cuxá	nome masculino	ar|roz de cu|xá
arroz-da-rocha	nome masculino	ar|roz-da-ro|cha
arroz-de-telhado	nome masculino	ar|roz-de-te|[lha]|do
arroz-doce	nome masculino	ar|roz-do|ce
arroz-dos-telhados	nome masculino	ar|roz-dos-te|[lha]|dos
arrozada	nome feminino	ar|ro|[za]|da
arrozal	nome masculino	ar|ro|[zal]
arrozalva	nome feminino	ar|ro|[zal]|va
arrozeira	nome feminino	ar|ro|[zei]|ra
arrozeiro	adjetivo	ar|ro|[zei]|ro
arrozeiro	nome masculino	ar|ro|[zei]|ro
arrózia	nome feminino	ar|[ró]|zi|a
arruá	adjetivo	ar|ru|[á]
arruaça	nome feminino	ar|ru|[a]|ça
arruaçador	adjetivo	ar|ru|a|ça|[dor]
arruaçador	nome masculino	ar|ru|a|ça|[dor]
arruaçar	verbo	ar|ru|a|[çar]
arruaceira	nome feminino	ar|ru|a|[cei]|ra
arruaceiro	nome masculino	ar|ru|a|[cei]|ro
arruaceiro	adjetivo	ar|ru|a|[cei]|ro
arruadeira	nome feminino	ar|ru|a|[dei]|ra
arruado	adjetivo	ar|ru|[a]|do
arruado	nome masculino	ar|ru|[a]|do
arruador	nome masculino	ar|ru|a|[dor]
arruamento	nome masculino	ar|ru|a|[men]|to
arruar	verbo	ar|ru|[ar]
arruçado	adjetivo	ar|ru|[ça]|do
arruçar	verbo	ar|ru|[çar]
arruda	nome feminino	ar|[ru]|da
arruda-dos-muros	nome feminino	ar|ru|da-dos-mu|ros
arrudado	adjetivo	ar|ru|[da]|do
