artigalho	nome masculino	ar|ti|[ga]|lho
artigo	nome masculino	ar|[ti]|go
artigueiro	nome masculino	ar|ti|[guei]|ro
artiguelho	nome masculino	ar|ti|[gue]|lho
artiguete	nome masculino	ar|ti|[gue]|te
artilhado	adjetivo	ar|ti|[lha]|do
artilhamento	nome masculino	ar|ti|lha|[men]|to
artilhar	verbo	ar|ti|[lhar]
artilharia	nome feminino	ar|ti|lha|[ri]|a
artilheira	nome feminino	ar|ti|[lhei]|ra
artilheiro	nome masculino	ar|ti|[lhei]|ro
artilheiro	adjetivo	ar|ti|[lhei]|ro
artilheria	nome feminino	ar|ti|lhe|[ri]|a
artimanha	nome feminino	ar|ti|[ma]|nha
artimanhoso	adjetivo	ar|ti|ma|[nho]|so
artimão	nome masculino	ar|ti|[mão]
artingraxa	nome masculino	ar|tin|[gra]|xa
artiodáctilo	adjetivo	ar|ti|o|[dác]|ti|lo
artiodáctilo	nome masculino	ar|ti|o|[dác]|ti|lo
artiodátilo	adjetivo	ar|ti|o|[dá]|ti|lo
artiodátilo	nome masculino	ar|ti|o|[dá]|ti|lo
artiozoário	adjetivo	ar|ti|o|zo|[á]|ri|o
artiozoário	nome masculino	ar|ti|o|zo|[á]|ri|o
artista	nome masculino	ar|[tis]|ta
artista	adjetivo	ar|[tis]|ta
artista	nome feminino	ar|[tis]|ta
artisticamente	advérbio	ar|tis|ti|ca|[men]|te
artístico	adjetivo	ar|[tís]|ti|co
artístico-cultural	adjetivo	ar|tís|ti|co-cul|tu|[ral]
artocarpácea	nome feminino	ar|to|car|[pá]|ce|a
artocarpo	nome masculino	ar|to|[car]|po
artócopo	nome masculino	ar|[tó]|co|po
artófago	adjetivo	ar|[tó]|fa|go
artófago	nome masculino	ar|[tó]|fa|go
artóforo	nome masculino	ar|[tó]|fo|ro
artola	nome masculino	ar|[to]|la
artola	nome feminino	ar|[to]|la
artola	adjetivo	ar|[to]|la
artolar	verbo	ar|to|[lar]
artolas	nome masculino	ar|[to]|las
artólatra	nome masculino	ar|[tó]|la|tra
artólatra	nome feminino	ar|[tó]|la|tra
artólatra	adjetivo	ar|[tó]|la|tra
artolatria	nome feminino	ar|to|la|[tri]|a
artolátrico	adjetivo	ar|to|[lá]|tri|co
artolice	nome feminino	ar|to|[li]|ce
artólito	nome masculino	ar|[tó]|li|to
artomel	nome masculino	ar|to|[mel]
artonomia	nome feminino	ar|to|no|[mi]|a
artonômico	adjetivo	ar|to|[nô]|mi|co
artonómico	adjetivo	ar|to|[nó]|mi|co
artopta	nome masculino	ar|[top]|ta
artotirita	adjetivo	ar|to|ti|[ri]|ta
artotirita	nome masculino	ar|to|ti|[ri]|ta
artotirita	nome feminino	ar|to|ti|[ri]|ta
artralgia	nome feminino	ar|tral|[gi]|a
artrálgico	adjetivo	ar|[trál]|gi|co
artrectomia	nome feminino	ar|trec|to|[mi]|a
artrectómico	adjetivo	ar|trec|[tó]|mi|co
artrectômico	adjetivo	ar|trec|[tô]|mi|co
artrite	nome feminino	ar|[tri]|te
artrítica	nome feminino	ar|[trí]|ti|ca
artrítico	nome masculino	ar|[trí]|ti|co
artrítico	adjetivo	ar|[trí]|ti|co
artritismo	nome masculino	ar|tri|[tis]|mo
artrobrânquia	nome feminino	ar|tro|[brân]|qui|a
artrocéfalo	adjetivo	ar|tro|[cé]|fa|lo
artrocele	nome feminino	ar|tro|[ce]|le
artródia	nome feminino	ar|[tró]|di|a
artrodial	adjetivo	ar|tro|di|[al]
artrodinia	nome feminino	ar|tro|di|[ni]|a
artrografia	nome feminino	ar|tro|gra|[fi]|a
artrográfico	adjetivo	ar|tro|[grá]|fi|co
artróidea	nome feminino	ar|[trói]|de|a
artróideo	nome masculino	ar|[trói]|de|o
artrologia	nome feminino	ar|tro|lo|[gi]|a
artrológico	adjetivo	ar|tro|[ló]|gi|co
artrologista	nome masculino	ar|tro|lo|[gis]|ta
artrologista	nome feminino	ar|tro|lo|[gis]|ta
artrólogo	nome masculino	ar|[tró]|lo|go
artromérico	adjetivo	ar|tro|[mé]|ri|co
artrômero	nome masculino	ar|[trô]|me|ro
artrómero	nome masculino	ar|[tró]|me|ro
artropatia	nome feminino	ar|tro|pa|[ti]|a
artropático	adjetivo	ar|tro|[pá]|ti|co
artropiose	nome feminino	ar|tro|pi|[o]|se
artrópode	nome masculino	ar|[tró]|po|de
artrópode	adjetivo	ar|[tró]|po|de
artropogão	nome masculino	ar|tro|po|[gão]
artroscopia	nome feminino	ar|tros|co|[pi]|a
artroscópico	adjetivo	ar|tros|[có]|pi|co
artroscópio	nome masculino	ar|tros|[có]|pi|o
artrose	nome feminino	ar|[tro]|se
artrotomia	nome feminino	ar|tro|to|[mi]|a
artrozoário	nome masculino	ar|tro|zo|[á]|ri|o
artrozoário	adjetivo	ar|tro|zo|[á]|ri|o
arturiano	adjetivo	ar|tu|ri|[a]|no
aru	nome masculino	a|[ru]
aruã	adjetivo	a|ru|[ã]
aruá	nome masculino	a|ru|[á]
