asperugem	nome feminino	as|pe|[ru]|gem
asperugo	nome masculino	as|pe|[ru]|go
aspérula	nome feminino	as|[pé]|ru|la
aspetável	adjetivo	as|pe|[tá]|vel
aspeto	nome masculino	as|[pe]|to
aspetual	adjetivo	as|pe|tu|[al]
aspiciência	nome feminino	as|pi|ci|[ên]|ci|a
aspiciente	adjetivo	as|pi|ci|[en]|te
áspide	nome masculino	[ás]|pi|de
áspide	nome feminino	[ás]|pi|de
aspidiáceo	adjetivo	as|pi|di|[á]|ce|o
aspidiado	adjetivo	as|pi|di|[a]|do
aspídio	nome masculino	as|[pí]|di|o
aspidiota	nome masculino	as|pi|di|[o]|ta
aspidisca	nome feminino	as|pi|[dis]|ca
aspidistra	nome feminino	as|pi|[dis]|tra
aspidocéfalo	nome masculino	as|pi|do|[cé]|fa|lo
aspidocéfalo	adjetivo	as|pi|do|[cé]|fa|lo
aspidóforo	adjetivo	as|pi|[dó]|fo|ro
aspidogastro	nome masculino	as|pi|do|[gas]|tro
aspidoglosso	nome masculino	as|pi|do|[glos]|so
aspidólito	nome masculino	as|pi|[dó]|li|to
aspidosperma	nome masculino	as|pi|dos|[per]|ma
aspidospermina	nome feminino	as|pi|dos|per|[mi]|na
aspidospermo	nome masculino	as|pi|dos|[per]|mo
aspiração	nome feminino	as|pi|ra|[ção]
aspirada	nome feminino	as|pi|[ra]|da
aspiradamente	advérbio	as|pi|ra|da|[men]|te
aspirado	adjetivo	as|pi|[ra]|do
aspirador	adjetivo	as|pi|ra|[dor]
aspirador	nome masculino	as|pi|ra|[dor]
aspirante	adjetivo	as|pi|[ran]|te
aspirante	nome masculino	as|pi|[ran]|te
aspirante	nome feminino	as|pi|[ran]|te
aspirar	verbo	as|pi|[rar]
aspirativo	adjetivo	as|pi|ra|[ti]|vo
aspiratório	adjetivo	as|pi|ra|[tó]|ri|o
aspirável	adjetivo	as|pi|[rá]|vel
aspirina	nome feminino	as|pi|[ri]|na
aspleniáceo	adjetivo	as|ple|ni|[á]|ce|o
asplênio	nome masculino	as|[plê]|ni|o
asplénio	nome masculino	as|[plé]|ni|o
asplenioide	adjetivo	as|ple|ni|[oi]|de
aspondílico	adjetivo	as|pon|[dí]|li|co
aspredo	nome masculino	as|[pre]|do
aspudo	adjetivo	as|[pu]|do
asquerosamente	advérbio	as|que|ro|sa|[men]|te
asquerosidade	nome feminino	as|que|ro|si|[da]|de
asqueroso	adjetivo	as|que|[ro]|so
asquidoblásteo	adjetivo	as|qui|do|[blás]|te|o
assa	nome feminino	[as]|sa
assa-doce	nome feminino	as|sa-do|ce
assa-dúlcis	nome feminino	as|sa-dúl|cis
assa-fétida	nome feminino	as|sa-fé|ti|da
assa-peixe	nome masculino	as|sa-pei|xe
assaborar	verbo	as|sa|bo|[rar]
assaborear	verbo	as|sa|bo|re|[ar]
assacadilha	nome feminino	as|sa|ca|[di]|lha
assacador	adjetivo	as|sa|ca|[dor]
assacador	nome masculino	as|sa|ca|[dor]
assacar	verbo	as|sa|[car]
assacate	nome masculino	as|sa|[ca]|te
assada	nome feminino	as|[sa]|da
assadeira	nome feminino	as|sa|[dei]|ra
assadeiro	nome masculino	as|sa|[dei]|ro
assadeiro	adjetivo	as|sa|[dei]|ro
assado	nome masculino	as|[sa]|do
assado	adjetivo	as|[sa]|do
assador	nome masculino	as|sa|[dor]
assadora	nome feminino	as|sa|[do]|ra
assadura	nome feminino	as|sa|[du]|ra
assafiado	adjetivo	as|sa|fi|[a]|do
assalariação	nome feminino	as|sa|la|ri|a|[ção]
assalariada	nome feminino	as|sa|la|ri|[a]|da
assalariado	nome masculino	as|sa|la|ri|[a]|do
assalariado	adjetivo	as|sa|la|ri|[a]|do
assalariador	nome masculino	as|sa|la|ri|a|[dor]
assalariamento	nome masculino	as|sa|la|ri|a|[men]|to
assalariar	verbo	as|sa|la|ri|[ar]
assalganhar	verbo	as|sal|ga|[nhar]
assalmoado	adjetivo	as|sal|mo|[a]|do
assalmonado	adjetivo	as|sal|mo|[na]|do
assaloiado	adjetivo	as|sa|loi|[a]|do
assaloiar	verbo	as|sa|loi|[ar]
assaltada	nome feminino	as|sal|[ta]|da
assaltado	adjetivo	as|sal|[ta]|do
assaltador	adjetivo	as|sal|ta|[dor]
assaltador	nome masculino	as|sal|ta|[dor]
assaltante	adjetivo	as|sal|[tan]|te
assaltante	nome masculino	as|sal|[tan]|te
assaltante	nome feminino	as|sal|[tan]|te
assaltar	verbo	as|sal|[tar]
assaltável	adjetivo	as|sal|[tá]|vel
assaltear	verbo	as|sal|te|[ar]
assalto	nome masculino	as|[sal]|to
assamara	nome feminino	as|sa|[ma]|ra
assambenitado	adjetivo	as|sam|be|ni|[ta]|do
assamento	nome masculino	as|sa|[men]|to
assamês	nome masculino	as|sa|[mês]
assamês	adjetivo	as|sa|[mês]
