astacídeo	nome masculino	as|ta|[cí]|de|o
astacólito	nome masculino	as|ta|[có]|li|to
astapense	nome masculino	as|ta|[pen]|se
astapense	adjetivo	as|ta|[pen]|se
astapense	nome feminino	as|ta|[pen]|se
astarotita	nome masculino	as|ta|ro|[ti]|ta
astarotita	adjetivo	as|ta|ro|[ti]|ta
astarotita	nome feminino	as|ta|ro|[ti]|ta
astarteia	nome feminino	as|tar|[tei]|a
astasia	nome feminino	as|ta|[si]|a
astaticidade	nome feminino	as|ta|ti|ci|[da]|de
astático	adjetivo	as|[tá]|ti|co
astatínio	nome masculino	as|ta|[tí]|ni|o
ástato	nome masculino	[ás]|ta|to
asteca	nome masculino	as|[te]|ca
asteca	adjetivo	as|[te]|ca
asteca	nome feminino	as|[te]|ca
asteísmo	nome masculino	as|te|[ís]|mo
astela	nome feminino	as|[te]|la
astélia	nome feminino	as|[té]|li|a
astélico	adjetivo	as|[té]|li|co
astemo	nome masculino	as|[te]|mo
astenia	nome feminino	as|te|[ni]|a
asténica	nome feminino	as|[té]|ni|ca
asténico	adjetivo	as|[té]|ni|co
asténico	nome masculino	as|[té]|ni|co
astênico	adjetivo	as|[tê]|ni|co
astênico	nome masculino	as|[tê]|ni|co
astenofonia	nome feminino	as|te|no|fo|[ni]|a
astenopia	nome feminino	as|te|no|[pi]|a
astenópico	adjetivo	as|te|[nó]|pi|co
astenópira	nome feminino	as|te|[nó]|pi|ra
astenosfera	nome feminino	as|te|nos|[fe]|ra
astenosférico	adjetivo	as|te|nos|[fé]|ri|co
astense	adjetivo	as|[ten]|se
astense	nome masculino	as|[ten]|se
astense	nome feminino	as|[ten]|se
asteque	adjetivo	as|[te]|que
asteque	nome masculino	as|[te]|que
asteque	nome feminino	as|[te]|que
áster	nome masculino	[ás]|ter
asteracanta	nome feminino	as|te|ra|[can]|ta
asterácea	nome feminino	as|te|[rá]|ce|a
asteráceo	adjetivo	as|te|[rá]|ce|o
astérea	nome feminino	as|[té]|re|a
astereognosia	nome feminino	as|te|re|og|no|[si]|a
astéria	nome feminino	as|[té]|ri|a
astérico	adjetivo	as|[té]|ri|co
astérida	nome masculino	as|[té]|ri|da
asterídeo	nome masculino	as|te|[rí]|de|o
asterídeo	adjetivo	as|te|[rí]|de|o
asteriforme	adjetivo	as|te|ri|[for]|me
asteríida	nome masculino	as|te|[rí]|i|da
asteríida	nome masculino	as|te|[rí]|i|da
asteriídeo	adjetivo	as|te|ri|[í]|de|o
asteriídeo	nome masculino	as|te|ri|[í]|de|o
asteriídeo	nome masculino	as|te|ri|[í]|de|o
astério	nome masculino	as|[té]|ri|o
asterisco	nome masculino	as|te|[ris]|co
asterismo	nome masculino	as|te|[ris]|mo
asterite	nome feminino	as|te|[ri]|te
asternal	adjetivo	as|ter|[nal]
asteroide	adjetivo	as|te|[roi]|de
asteroide	nome masculino	as|te|[roi]|de
asterol	nome masculino	as|te|[rol]
asteroma	nome masculino	as|te|[ro]|ma
asteroqueto	nome masculino	as|te|ro|[que]|to
asteróscopo	nome masculino	as|te|[rós]|co|po
ástico	adjetivo	[ás]|ti|co
ástico	nome masculino	[ás]|ti|co
astidameia	nome feminino	as|ti|da|[mei]|a
astiense	nome masculino	as|ti|[en]|se
astiense	adjetivo	as|ti|[en]|se
astiense	nome feminino	as|ti|[en]|se
astigitano	nome masculino	as|ti|gi|[ta]|no
astigitano	adjetivo	as|ti|gi|[ta]|no
astigmação	nome feminino	as|tig|ma|[ção]
astigmático	adjetivo	as|tig|[má]|ti|co
astigmático	nome masculino	as|tig|[má]|ti|co
astigmatismo	nome masculino	as|tig|ma|[tis]|mo
astigmia	nome feminino	as|tig|[mi]|a
astigmômetro	nome masculino	as|tig|[mô]|me|tro
astigmómetro	nome masculino	as|tig|[mó]|me|tro
astilha	nome feminino	as|[ti]|lha
astinomia	nome feminino	as|ti|no|[mi]|a
astínomo	nome masculino	as|[tí]|no|mo
astionímia	nome feminino	as|ti|o|[ní]|mi|a
astiónimo	nome masculino	as|ti|[ó]|ni|mo
astiônimo	nome masculino	as|ti|[ô]|ni|mo
astipaleense	adjetivo	as|ti|pa|le|[en]|se
astipaleense	nome masculino	as|ti|pa|le|[en]|se
astipaleense	nome feminino	as|ti|pa|le|[en]|se
astipalense	nome masculino	as|ti|pa|[len]|se
astipalense	adjetivo	as|ti|pa|[len]|se
astipalense	nome feminino	as|ti|pa|[len]|se
astomático	adjetivo	as|to|[má]|ti|co
astómato	adjetivo	as|[tó]|ma|to
astômato	adjetivo	as|[tô]|ma|to
astomia	nome feminino	as|to|[mi]|a
ástomo	adjetivo	[ás]|to|mo
