atracadela	nome feminino	a|tra|ca|[de]|la
atracado	adjetivo	a|tra|[ca]|do
atracadoiro	nome masculino	a|tra|ca|[doi]|ro
atracador	adjetivo	a|tra|ca|[dor]
atracador	nome masculino	a|tra|ca|[dor]
atracadouro	nome masculino	a|tra|ca|[dou]|ro
atracadura	nome feminino	a|tra|ca|[du]|ra
atracagem	nome feminino	a|tra|[ca]|gem
atração	nome feminino	a|tra|[ção]
atracão	nome masculino	a|tra|[cão]
atracar	verbo	a|tra|[car]
atractilato	nome masculino	a|trac|ti|[la]|to
atractílico	adjetivo	a|trac|[tí]|li|co
atractílide	nome feminino	a|trac|[tí]|li|de
atractilina	nome feminino	a|trac|ti|[li]|na
atractóbolo	nome masculino	a|trac|[tó]|bo|lo
atractócero	nome masculino	a|trac|[tó]|ce|ro
atractossomo	nome masculino	a|trac|tos|[so]|mo
atraente	adjetivo	a|tra|[en]|te
atraentemente	advérbio	a|tra|en|te|[men]|te
atrafegar	verbo	a|tra|fe|[gar]
atraiçoado	adjetivo	a|trai|ço|[a]|do
atraiçoador	adjetivo	a|trai|ço|a|[dor]
atraiçoador	nome masculino	a|trai|ço|a|[dor]
atraiçoamento	nome masculino	a|trai|ço|a|[men]|to
atraiçoar	verbo	a|trai|ço|[ar]
atraidor	adjetivo	a|trai|[dor]
atraidor	nome masculino	a|trai|[dor]
atraimento	nome masculino	a|trai|[men]|to
atrainelar	verbo	a|trai|ne|[lar]
atrair	verbo	a|tra|[ir]
atraível	adjetivo	a|tra|[í]|vel
atralhoar	verbo	a|tra|lho|[ar]
atramar	verbo	a|tra|[mar]
atrambolhar	verbo	a|tram|bo|[lhar]
atramentária	nome feminino	a|tra|men|[tá]|ri|a
atramentário	adjetivo	a|tra|men|[tá]|ri|o
atramentário	nome masculino	a|tra|men|[tá]|ri|o
atramento	nome masculino	a|tra|[men]|to
atrancada	nome feminino	a|tran|[ca]|da
atrancamento	nome masculino	a|tran|ca|[men]|to
atrancar	verbo	a|tran|[car]
atranco	nome masculino	a|[tran]|co
atrangalhar	verbo	a|tran|ga|[lhar]
atranqueirado	adjetivo	a|tran|quei|[ra]|do
atranquilho	nome masculino	a|tran|[qui]|lho
atrapalhação	nome feminino	a|tra|pa|lha|[ção]
atrapalhadamente	advérbio	a|tra|pa|lha|da|[men]|te
atrapalhado	adjetivo	a|tra|pa|[lha]|do
atrapalhador	adjetivo	a|tra|pa|lha|[dor]
atrapalhador	nome masculino	a|tra|pa|lha|[dor]
atrapalhadote	adjetivo	a|tra|pa|lha|[do]|te
atrapalhar	verbo	a|tra|pa|[lhar]
atrapalhável	adjetivo	a|tra|pa|[lhá]|vel
atrapar	verbo	a|tra|[par]
atraquelia	nome feminino	a|tra|que|[li]|a
atrás	advérbio	a|[trás]
atrasada	nome feminino	a|tra|[sa]|da
atrasadamente	advérbio	a|tra|sa|da|[men]|te
atrasadíssimo	adjetivo	a|tra|sa|[dís]|si|mo
atrasado	adjetivo	a|tra|[sa]|do
atrasado	nome masculino	a|tra|[sa]|do
atrasador	adjetivo	a|tra|sa|[dor]
atrasador	nome masculino	a|tra|sa|[dor]
atrasamento	nome masculino	a|tra|sa|[men]|to
atrasar	verbo	a|tra|[sar]
atraso	nome masculino	a|[tra]|so
atratantado	adjetivo	a|tra|tan|[ta]|do
atrativamente	advérbio	a|tra|ti|va|[men]|te
atratividade	nome feminino	a|tra|ti|vi|[da]|de
atrativo	adjetivo	a|tra|[ti]|vo
atrativo	nome masculino	a|tra|[ti]|vo
atrato	adjetivo	a|[tra]|to
atravanca-ruas	nome masculino	a|tra|van|ca-ru|as
atravancado	adjetivo	a|tra|van|[ca]|do
atravancador	adjetivo	a|tra|van|ca|[dor]
atravancador	nome masculino	a|tra|van|ca|[dor]
atravancamento	nome masculino	a|tra|van|ca|[men]|to
atravancante	adjetivo	a|tra|van|[can]|te
atravancar	verbo	a|tra|van|[car]
atravanco	nome masculino	a|tra|[van]|co
através	advérbio	a|tra|[vés]
atravessadamente	advérbio	a|tra|ves|sa|da|[men]|te
atravessadeira	nome feminino	a|tra|ves|sa|[dei]|ra
atravessadiço	adjetivo	a|tra|ves|sa|[di]|ço
atravessado	adjetivo	a|tra|ves|[sa]|do
atravessadoiro	nome masculino	a|tra|ves|sa|[doi]|ro
atravessador	adjetivo	a|tra|ves|sa|[dor]
atravessador	nome masculino	a|tra|ves|sa|[dor]
atravessadora	nome feminino	a|tra|ves|sa|[do]|ra
atravessadouro	nome masculino	a|tra|ves|sa|[dou]|ro
atravessamento	nome masculino	a|tra|ves|sa|[men]|to
atravessante	adjetivo	a|tra|ves|[san]|te
atravessar	verbo	a|tra|ves|[sar]
atravessável	adjetivo	a|tra|ves|[sá]|vel
atravincar	verbo	a|tra|vin|[car]
atrébate	adjetivo	a|[tré]|ba|te
atrébate	nome masculino	a|[tré]|ba|te
atrébate	nome feminino	a|[tré]|ba|te
atrecer	verbo	a|tre|[cer]
