ausente	nome feminino	au|[sen]|te
ausetano	adjetivo	au|se|[ta]|no
ausetano	nome masculino	au|se|[ta]|no
ausio	nome masculino	au|[si]|o
auso	nome masculino	[au]|so
ausônio	adjetivo	au|[sô]|ni|o
ausônio	nome masculino	au|[sô]|ni|o
ausónio	adjetivo	au|[só]|ni|o
ausónio	nome masculino	au|[só]|ni|o
auspicar	verbo	aus|pi|[car]
áuspice	nome masculino	[áus]|pi|ce
auspiciador	adjetivo	aus|pi|ci|a|[dor]
auspiciador	nome masculino	aus|pi|ci|a|[dor]
auspiciar	verbo	aus|pi|ci|[ar]
auspício	nome masculino	aus|[pí]|ci|o
auspiciosamente	advérbio	aus|pi|ci|o|sa|[men]|te
auspicioso	adjetivo	aus|pi|ci|[o]|so
austar	verbo	aus|[tar]
aúste	nome masculino	a|[ús]|te
austeramente	advérbio	aus|te|ra|[men]|te
austereza	nome feminino	aus|te|[re]|za
austeridade	nome feminino	aus|te|ri|[da]|de
austerismo	nome masculino	aus|te|[ris]|mo
austerizar	verbo	aus|te|ri|[zar]
austero	adjetivo	aus|[te]|ro
austinado	adjetivo	aus|ti|[na]|do
austinência	nome feminino	aus|ti|[nên]|ci|a
austinente	adjetivo	aus|ti|[nen]|te
austráfrico	nome masculino	aus|[trá]|fri|co
austral	nome masculino	aus|[tral]
austral	adjetivo	aus|[tral]
australasiano	adjetivo	aus|tra|la|si|[a]|no
australasiano	nome masculino	aus|tra|la|si|[a]|no
australásio	adjetivo	aus|tra|[lá]|si|o
austrália	nome feminino	aus|[trá]|li|a
australiana	nome feminino	aus|tra|li|[a]|na
australiano	nome masculino	aus|tra|li|[a]|no
australiano	adjetivo	aus|tra|li|[a]|no
austrálio	adjetivo	aus|[trá]|li|o
austrálio	nome masculino	aus|[trá]|li|o
australite	nome feminino	aus|tra|[li]|te
australo-africano	adjetivo	aus|tra|lo-a|fri|[ca]|no
australo-asiático	adjetivo	aus|tra|lo-a|si|[á]|ti|co
australopiteco	nome masculino	aus|tra|lo|pi|[te]|co
austrásio	adjetivo	aus|[trá]|si|o
austrásio	nome masculino	aus|[trá]|si|o
austríaca	nome feminino	aus|[trí]|a|ca
austríaco	adjetivo	aus|[trí]|a|co
austríaco	nome masculino	aus|[trí]|a|co
austrífero	adjetivo	aus|[trí]|fe|ro
austrino	adjetivo	aus|[tri]|no
austro	nome masculino	[aus]|tro
austro-africana	nome feminino	aus|tro-a|fri|[ca]|na
austro-africano	adjetivo	aus|tro-a|fri|[ca]|no
austro-africano	nome masculino	aus|tro-a|fri|[ca]|no
austro-áfrico	nome masculino	aus|tro-á|fri|co
austro-alemão	adjetivo	aus|tro-a|le|[mão]
austro-asiático	adjetivo	aus|tro-a|si|[á]|ti|co
austro-central	adjetivo	aus|tro-cen|[tral]
austro-húngaro	adjetivo	aus|tro-hún|ga|ro
austro-húngaro	nome masculino	aus|tro-hún|ga|ro
austro-ocidental	adjetivo	aus|tro-o|ci|den|[tal]
austro-oriental	adjetivo	aus|tro-o|ri|en|[tal]
austro-siberiano	adjetivo	aus|tro-si|be|ri|[a]|no
austro-siberiano	nome masculino	aus|tro-si|be|ri|[a]|no
austromancia	nome feminino	aus|tro|man|[ci]|a
austronésio	adjetivo	aus|tro|[né]|si|o
austronésio	nome masculino	aus|tro|[né]|si|o
austrônoto	nome masculino	aus|[trô]|no|to
austrónoto	nome masculino	aus|[tró]|no|to
autarca	nome masculino	au|[tar]|ca
autarca	nome feminino	au|[tar]|ca
autarcia	nome feminino	au|tar|[ci]|a
autárcico	adjetivo	au|[tár]|ci|co
autariata	adjetivo	au|ta|ri|[a]|ta
autariata	nome masculino	au|ta|ri|[a]|ta
autariata	nome feminino	au|ta|ri|[a]|ta
autarquia	nome feminino	au|tar|[qui]|a
autárquico	adjetivo	au|[tár]|qui|co
autarquismo	nome masculino	au|tar|[quis]|mo
autarquista	adjetivo	au|tar|[quis]|ta
autarquista	nome masculino	au|tar|[quis]|ta
autarquista	nome feminino	au|tar|[quis]|ta
auteiro	nome masculino	au|[tei]|ro
autemoterapia	nome feminino	au|te|mo|te|ra|[pi]|a
autêntica	nome feminino	au|[tên]|ti|ca
autenticação	nome feminino	au|ten|ti|ca|[ção]
autenticado	adjetivo	au|ten|ti|[ca]|do
autenticador	adjetivo	au|ten|ti|ca|[dor]
autenticador	nome masculino	au|ten|ti|ca|[dor]
autenticamente	advérbio	au|ten|ti|ca|[men]|te
autenticante	adjetivo	au|ten|ti|[can]|te
autenticar	verbo	au|ten|ti|[car]
autenticativo	adjetivo	au|ten|ti|ca|[ti]|vo
autenticável	adjetivo	au|ten|ti|[cá]|vel
autenticidade	nome feminino	au|ten|ti|ci|[da]|de
autêntico	adjetivo	au|[tên]|ti|co
autêntico	nome masculino	au|[tên]|ti|co
autentificação	nome feminino	au|ten|ti|fi|ca|[ção]
autentificador	adjetivo	au|ten|ti|fi|ca|[dor]
