autógeno	adjetivo	au|[tó]|ge|no
autogerido	adjetivo	au|to|ge|[ri]|do
autogerir	verbo	au|to|ge|[rir]
autogestão	nome feminino	au|to|ges|[tão]
autogestionário	adjetivo	au|to|ges|ti|o|[ná]|ri|o
autogiro	nome masculino	au|to|[gi]|ro
autognose	nome feminino	au|tog|[no]|se
autognóstico	adjetivo	au|tog|[nós]|ti|co
autogolo	nome masculino	au|to|[go]|lo
autogovernar	verbo	au|to|go|ver|[nar]
autogoverno	nome masculino	au|to|go|[ver]|no
autografar	verbo	au|to|gra|[far]
autografia	nome feminino	au|to|gra|[fi]|a
autográfico	adjetivo	au|to|[grá]|fi|co
autografismo	nome masculino	au|to|gra|[fis]|mo
autografista	adjetivo	au|to|gra|[fis]|ta
autografista	nome masculino	au|to|gra|[fis]|ta
autografista	nome feminino	au|to|gra|[fis]|ta
autógrafo	adjetivo	au|[tó]|gra|fo
autógrafo	nome masculino	au|[tó]|gra|fo
autografófilo	nome masculino	au|to|gra|[fó]|fi|lo
autografomania	nome feminino	au|to|gra|fo|ma|[ni]|a
autografomaníaco	adjetivo	au|to|gra|fo|ma|[ní]|a|co
autografomaníaco	nome masculino	au|to|gra|fo|ma|[ní]|a|co
autografómano	nome masculino	au|to|gra|[fó]|ma|no
autografômano	nome masculino	au|to|gra|[fô]|ma|no
autografómetro	nome masculino	au|to|gra|[fó]|me|tro
autografômetro	nome masculino	au|to|gra|[fô]|me|tro
autoguiado	adjetivo	au|to|gui|[a]|do
autoidólatra	nome masculino	au|to|i|[dó]|la|tra
autoidólatra	adjetivo	au|to|i|[dó]|la|tra
autoidólatra	nome feminino	au|to|i|[dó]|la|tra
autoidolatria	nome feminino	au|to|i|do|la|[tri]|a
autoidolátrico	adjetivo	au|to|i|do|[lá]|tri|co
autoimagem	nome feminino	au|toi|[ma]|gem
autoimposição	nome feminino	au|to|im|po|si|[ção]
autoimposto	adjetivo	au|to|im|[pos]|to
autoimune	adjetivo	au|toi|[mu]|ne
autoimunidade	nome feminino	au|toi|mu|ni|[da]|de
autoimunização	nome feminino	au|toi|mu|ni|za|[ção]
autoinculpação	nome feminino	au|to|in|cul|pa|[ção]
autoindução	nome feminino	au|to|in|du|[ção]
autoindulgência	nome feminino	au|to|in|dul|[gên]|ci|a
autoindulgente	adjetivo	au|to|in|dul|[gen]|te
autoinfeção	nome feminino	au|to|in|fe|[ção]
autoinfecção	nome feminino	au|to|in|fec|[ção]
autointitulado	nome masculino	au|to|in|ti|tu|[la]|do
autointoxicação	nome feminino	au|to|in|to|xi|ca|[ção]
autolábio	nome masculino	au|to|[lá]|bi|o
autólatra	nome masculino	au|[tó]|la|tra
autólatra	adjetivo	au|[tó]|la|tra
autólatra	nome feminino	au|[tó]|la|tra
autolatria	nome feminino	au|to|la|[tri]|a
autolátrico	adjetivo	au|to|[lá]|tri|co
autólise	nome feminino	au|[tó]|li|se
autolítico	adjetivo	au|to|[lí]|ti|co
autólole	adjetivo	au|[tó]|lo|le
autólole	nome masculino	au|[tó]|lo|le
autólole	nome feminino	au|[tó]|lo|le
automaca	nome feminino	au|to|[ma]|ca
automação	nome feminino	au|to|ma|[ção]
automagnetismo	nome masculino	au|to|mag|ne|[tis]|mo
automaquia	nome feminino	au|to|ma|[qui]|a
automatário	nome masculino	au|to|ma|[tá]|ri|o
automatia	nome feminino	au|to|ma|[ti]|a
automática	nome feminino	au|to|[má]|ti|ca
automaticamente	advérbio	au|to|ma|ti|ca|[men]|te
automaticidade	nome feminino	au|to|ma|ti|ci|[da]|de
automático	adjetivo	au|to|[má]|ti|co
automático	nome masculino	au|to|[má]|ti|co
automatismo	nome masculino	au|to|ma|[tis]|mo
automatista	adjetivo	au|to|ma|[tis]|ta
automatista	nome masculino	au|to|ma|[tis]|ta
automatista	nome feminino	au|to|ma|[tis]|ta
automatização	nome feminino	au|to|ma|ti|za|[ção]
automatizado	adjetivo	au|to|ma|ti|[za]|do
automatizador	adjetivo	au|to|ma|ti|za|[dor]
automatizador	nome masculino	au|to|ma|ti|za|[dor]
automatizar	verbo	au|to|ma|ti|[zar]
autómato	nome masculino	au|[tó]|ma|to
autômato	nome masculino	au|[tô]|ma|to
automaturgo	nome masculino	au|to|ma|[tur]|go
automedicação	nome feminino	au|to|me|di|ca|[ção]
automedicar	verbo	au|to|me|di|[car]
automedonte	nome masculino	au|to|me|[don]|te
autometralhadora	nome feminino	au|to|me|tra|lha|[do]|ra
autômetro	nome masculino	au|[tô]|me|tro
autómetro	nome masculino	au|[tó]|me|tro
automnesia	nome feminino	au|tom|ne|[si]|a
automnésico	adjetivo	au|tom|[né]|si|co
automnéstico	adjetivo	au|tom|[nés]|ti|co
automobilismo	nome masculino	au|to|mo|bi|[lis]|mo
automobilista	nome masculino	au|to|mo|bi|[lis]|ta
automobilista	nome feminino	au|to|mo|bi|[lis]|ta
automobilístico	adjetivo	au|to|mo|bi|[lís]|ti|co
automobilizar	verbo	au|to|mo|bi|li|[zar]
autómole	adjetivo	au|[tó]|mo|le
autómole	nome masculino	au|[tó]|mo|le
autómole	nome feminino	au|[tó]|mo|le
autômole	adjetivo	au|[tô]|mo|le
