almácego	nome masculino	al|[má]|ce|go
almaço	adjetivo	al|[ma]|ço
almaço	nome masculino	al|[ma]|ço
almádena	nome feminino	al|[má]|de|na
almadense	adjetivo	al|ma|[den]|se
almadense	nome masculino	al|ma|[den]|se
almadense	nome feminino	al|ma|[den]|se
almadia	nome feminino	al|ma|[di]|a
almadra	nome feminino	al|[ma]|dra
almadraba	nome feminino	al|ma|[dra]|ba
almadrabeiro	nome masculino	al|ma|dra|[bei]|ro
almadrabilha	nome feminino	al|ma|dra|[bi]|lha
almadraque	nome masculino	al|ma|[dra]|que
almadraqueiro	nome masculino	al|ma|dra|[quei]|ro
almadraquexa	nome feminino	al|ma|dra|[que]|xa
almadrava	nome feminino	al|ma|[dra]|va
almadraveiro	nome masculino	al|ma|dra|[vei]|ro
almáfega	nome feminino	al|[má]|fe|ga
almáfego	nome masculino	al|[má]|fe|go
almafre	nome masculino	al|[ma]|fre
almafreixe	nome masculino	al|ma|[frei]|xe
almagra	nome feminino	al|[ma]|gra
almagral	nome masculino	al|ma|[gral]
almagrar	verbo	al|ma|[grar]
almagre	nome masculino	al|[ma]|gre
almagreira	nome feminino	al|ma|[grei]|ra
almagro	nome masculino	al|[ma]|gro
almainha	nome feminino	al|ma|[i]|nha
almajarra	nome feminino	al|ma|[jar]|ra
almajarrar	verbo	al|ma|jar|[rar]
almalaguês	adjetivo	al|ma|la|[guês]
almalha	nome feminino	al|[ma]|lha
almalho	nome masculino	al|[ma]|lho
almanaque	nome masculino	al|ma|[na]|que
almanaqueiro	nome masculino	al|ma|na|[quei]|ro
almança	nome feminino	al|[man]|ça
almandina	nome feminino	al|man|[di]|na
almandita	nome feminino	al|man|[di]|ta
almandite	nome feminino	al|man|[di]|te
almandra	nome feminino	al|[man]|dra
almandrilha	nome feminino	al|man|[dri]|lha
almanicha	nome masculino	al|ma|[ni]|cha
almanjarra	nome feminino	al|man|[jar]|ra
almanjarrar	verbo	al|man|jar|[rar]
almanxar	nome masculino	al|man|[xar]
almarado	adjetivo	al|ma|[ra]|do
almaraz	nome masculino	al|ma|[raz]
almarcova	nome feminino	al|mar|[co]|va
almareado	adjetivo	al|ma|re|[a]|do
almarear	verbo	al|ma|re|[ar]
almárfega	nome feminino	al|[már]|fe|ga
almarge	nome masculino	al|[mar]|ge
almargeado	adjetivo	al|mar|ge|[a]|do
almargeal	nome masculino	al|mar|ge|[al]
almargem	nome masculino	al|[mar]|gem
almargem	nome feminino	al|[mar]|gem
almargémia	nome feminino	al|mar|[gé]|mi|a
almargio	adjetivo	al|mar|[gi]|o
almarjal	nome masculino	al|mar|[jal]
almarraxa	nome feminino	al|mar|[ra]|xa
almártaga	nome feminino	al|[már]|ta|ga
almártega	nome feminino	al|[már]|te|ga
almástica	nome feminino	al|[más]|ti|ca
almátega	nome feminino	al|[má]|te|ga
almatrá	nome masculino	al|ma|[trá]
almatrixa	nome feminino	al|ma|[tri]|xa
almatrixar	verbo	al|ma|tri|[xar]
almaxar	nome masculino	al|ma|[xar]
almazém	nome masculino	al|ma|[zém]
almece	nome masculino	al|[me]|ce
almécega	nome feminino	al|[mé]|ce|ga
almécega do brasil	nome feminino	al|[mé]|ce|ga do bra|sil
almecegado	adjetivo	al|me|ce|[ga]|do
almecegar	verbo	al|me|ce|[gar]
almecegueira	nome feminino	al|me|ce|[guei]|ra
almedina	nome feminino	al|me|[di]|na
almegue	nome masculino	al|[me]|gue
almeia	nome feminino	al|[mei]|a
almeice	nome masculino	al|[mei]|ce
almeida	nome feminino	al|[mei]|da
almeida	nome masculino	al|[mei]|da
almeidense	adjetivo	al|mei|[den]|se
almeidense	nome masculino	al|mei|[den]|se
almeidense	nome feminino	al|mei|[den]|se
almeidina	nome feminino	al|mei|[di]|na
almeidismo	nome masculino	al|mei|[dis]|mo
almeidista	adjetivo	al|mei|[dis]|ta
almeidista	nome masculino	al|mei|[dis]|ta
almeidista	nome feminino	al|mei|[dis]|ta
almeirão	nome masculino	al|mei|[rão]
almeirinense	adjetivo	al|mei|ri|[nen]|se
almeirinense	nome masculino	al|mei|ri|[nen]|se
almeirinense	nome feminino	al|mei|ri|[nen]|se
almeiro	nome masculino	al|[mei]|ro
almeiroa	nome feminino	al|mei|[ro]|a
almêitega	nome feminino	al|[mêi]|te|ga
almêitiga	nome feminino	al|[mêi]|ti|ga
almeixar	nome masculino	al|mei|[xar]
almejado	adjetivo	al|me|[ja]|do
almejante	adjetivo	al|me|[jan]|te
