alquemila	nome feminino	al|que|[mi]|la
alquequenge	nome masculino	al|que|[quen]|ge
alqueria	nome feminino	al|que|[ri]|a
alquermes	nome masculino	al|[quer]|mes
alqueve	nome masculino	al|[que]|ve
alquicé	nome masculino	al|qui|[cé]
alquiez	nome masculino	al|qui|[ez]
alquifa	nome feminino	al|[qui]|fa
alquifol	nome masculino	al|qui|[fol]
alquilador	nome masculino	al|qui|la|[dor]
alquilar	verbo	al|qui|[lar]
alquilaria	nome feminino	al|qui|la|[ri]|a
alquilato	nome masculino	al|qui|[la]|to
alquilé	nome masculino	al|qui|[lé]
alquiler	nome masculino	al|qui|[ler]
alquílio	nome masculino	al|[quí]|li|o
alquilo	nome masculino	al|[qui]|lo
alquimão	nome masculino	al|qui|[mão]
alquime	nome masculino	al|[qui]|me
alquimia	nome feminino	al|qui|[mi]|a
alquimiar	verbo	al|qui|mi|[ar]
alquímico	adjetivo	al|[quí]|mi|co
alquimista	nome masculino	al|qui|[mis]|ta
alquimista	nome feminino	al|qui|[mis]|ta
alquinar	verbo	al|qui|[nar]
alquitara	nome feminino	al|qui|[ta]|ra
alquitarra	nome feminino	al|qui|[tar]|ra
alquitete	nome masculino	al|qui|[te]|te
alquitira	nome feminino	al|qui|[ti]|ra
alquitrave	nome feminino	al|qui|[tra]|ve
alrete	nome masculino	al|[re]|te
alrotador	adjetivo	al|ro|ta|[dor]
alrotador	nome masculino	al|ro|ta|[dor]
alrotar	verbo	al|ro|[tar]
alrotaria	nome feminino	al|ro|ta|[ri]|a
alrute	nome masculino	al|[ru]|te
alsácia	nome feminino	al|[sá]|ci|a
alsaciana	nome feminino	al|sa|ci|[a]|na
alsaciano	nome masculino	al|sa|ci|[a]|no
alsaciano	adjetivo	al|sa|ci|[a]|no
alsácio-loreno	adjetivo	al|sá|ci|o-lo|re|no
alsácio-loreno	nome masculino	al|sá|ci|o-lo|re|no
alsiense	nome masculino	al|si|[en]|se
alsiense	adjetivo	al|si|[en]|se
alsiense	nome feminino	al|si|[en]|se
álsina	nome feminino	[ál]|si|na
alsinácea	nome feminino	al|si|[ná]|ce|a
alsináceo	adjetivo	al|si|[ná]|ce|o
alsófila	nome feminino	al|[só]|fi|la
alsona	nome feminino	al|[so]|na
alsonómetro	nome masculino	al|so|[nó]|me|tro
alstónia	nome feminino	als|[tó]|ni|a
alstônia	nome feminino	als|[tô]|ni|a
alstonie	nome feminino	als|to|[ni]|e
alstonina	nome feminino	als|to|[ni]|na
alta	nome feminino	[al]|ta
alta-roda	nome feminino	al|ta-ro|da
altabaixo	nome masculino	al|ta|[bai]|xo
altabrava	nome feminino	al|ta|[bra]|va
altaforma	nome feminino	al|ta|[for]|ma
altaica	nome feminino	al|[tai]|ca
altaico	adjetivo	al|[tai]|co
altaico	nome masculino	al|[tai]|co
altairano	adjetivo	al|tai|[ra]|no
altairano	nome masculino	al|tai|[ra]|no
altaíte	nome feminino	al|ta|[í]|te
altamado	adjetivo	al|ta|[ma]|do
altamente	adjetivo	al|ta|[men]|te
altamente	advérbio	al|ta|[men]|te
altamia	nome feminino	al|ta|[mi]|a
altanado	adjetivo	al|ta|[na]|do
altanado	nome masculino	al|ta|[na]|do
altanar	verbo	al|ta|[nar]
altanaria	nome feminino	al|ta|na|[ri]|a
altâncara	nome feminino	al|[tân]|ca|ra
altâncaro	nome masculino	al|[tân]|ca|ro
altaneiramente	advérbio	al|ta|nei|ra|[men]|te
altaneiro	adjetivo	al|ta|[nei]|ro
altania	nome feminino	al|ta|[ni]|a
altar	nome masculino	al|[tar]
altar-mor	nome masculino	al|tar-mor
altaragem	nome feminino	al|ta|[ra]|gem
altareiro	nome masculino	al|ta|[rei]|ro
altarista	nome masculino	al|ta|[ris]|ta
altavela	nome feminino	al|ta|[ve]|la
alteação	nome feminino	al|te|a|[ção]
alteado	adjetivo	al|te|[a]|do
alteador	nome masculino	al|te|a|[dor]
alteamento	nome masculino	al|te|a|[men]|to
altear	verbo	al|te|[ar]
alteastro	nome masculino	al|te|[as]|tro
alteável	adjetivo	al|te|[á]|vel
alteia	nome feminino	al|[tei]|a
alteína	nome feminino	al|te|[í]|na
alter	nome masculino	al|[ter]
alter-ego	nome masculino	al|ter-e|go
alterábil	adjetivo	al|te|[rá]|bil
alterabilidade	nome feminino	al|te|ra|bi|li|[da]|de
alteração	nome feminino	al|te|ra|[ção]
alterado	adjetivo	al|te|[ra]|do
