alterador	nome masculino	al|te|ra|[dor]
alterador	adjetivo	al|te|ra|[dor]
alteradora	nome feminino	al|te|ra|[do]|ra
alterante	adjetivo	al|te|[ran]|te
alterante	nome feminino	al|te|[ran]|te
alterante	nome masculino	al|te|[ran]|te
alterar	verbo	al|te|[rar]
alterativo	adjetivo	al|te|ra|[ti]|vo
alterável	adjetivo	al|te|[rá]|vel
altercação	nome feminino	al|ter|ca|[ção]
altercador	adjetivo	al|ter|ca|[dor]
altercador	nome masculino	al|ter|ca|[dor]
altercante	adjetivo	al|ter|[can]|te
altercar	verbo	al|ter|[car]
altercável	adjetivo	al|ter|[cá]|vel
alterco	nome masculino	al|[ter]|co
alterense	nome masculino	al|te|[ren]|se
alterense	adjetivo	al|te|[ren]|se
alterense	nome feminino	al|te|[ren]|se
alteridade	nome feminino	al|te|ri|[da]|de
alternação	nome feminino	al|ter|na|[ção]
alternadamente	advérbio	al|ter|na|da|[men]|te
alternadeira	nome feminino	al|ter|na|[dei]|ra
alternado	adjetivo	al|ter|[na]|do
alternador	adjetivo	al|ter|na|[dor]
alternador	nome masculino	al|ter|na|[dor]
alternamente	advérbio	al|ter|na|[men]|te
alternância	nome feminino	al|ter|[nân]|ci|a
alternante	nome feminino	al|ter|[nan]|te
alternante	adjetivo	al|ter|[nan]|te
alternar	verbo	al|ter|[nar]
alternativa	nome feminino	al|ter|na|[ti]|va
alternativamente	advérbio	al|ter|na|ti|va|[men]|te
alternativo	adjetivo	al|ter|na|[ti]|vo
alternato	nome masculino	al|ter|[na]|to
alternável	adjetivo	al|ter|[ná]|vel
alterne	nome masculino	al|[ter]|ne
alternidade	nome feminino	al|ter|ni|[da]|de
alterniflóreo	adjetivo	al|ter|ni|[fló]|re|o
alternifloro	adjetivo	al|ter|ni|[flo]|ro
alternifoliado	adjetivo	al|ter|ni|fo|li|[a]|do
alternifólio	adjetivo	al|ter|ni|[fó]|li|o
alternípede	adjetivo	al|ter|[ní]|pe|de
alternipene	adjetivo	al|ter|ni|[pe]|ne
alternipétalo	adjetivo	al|ter|ni|[pé]|ta|lo
alternissépalo	adjetivo	al|ter|nis|[sé]|pa|lo
alterno	adjetivo	al|[ter]|no
alternomotor	nome masculino	al|ter|no|mo|[tor]
alterosamente	advérbio	al|te|ro|sa|[men]|te
alteroso	adjetivo	al|te|[ro]|so
altesa	nome feminino	al|[te]|sa
alteza	nome feminino	al|[te]|za
altibaixa	nome feminino	al|ti|[bai]|xa
altibaixo	adjetivo	al|ti|[bai]|xo
altibaixos	nome masculino	al|ti|[bai]|xos
áltica	nome feminino	[ál]|ti|ca
alticolúnio	adjetivo	al|ti|co|[lú]|ni|o
altícomo	adjetivo	al|[tí]|co|mo
alticornígero	adjetivo	al|ti|cor|[ní]|ge|ro
altifalante	adjetivo	al|ti|fa|[lan]|te
altifalante	nome masculino	al|ti|fa|[lan]|te
altiloquência	nome feminino	al|ti|lo|[quên]|ci|a
altiloquente	adjetivo	al|ti|lo|[quen]|te
altiloquia	nome feminino	al|ti|lo|[qui]|a
altilóquio	nome masculino	al|ti|[ló]|qui|o
altíloquo	adjetivo	al|[tí]|lo|quo
altimetria	nome feminino	al|ti|me|[tri]|a
altimétrico	adjetivo	al|ti|[mé]|tri|co
altímetro	nome masculino	al|[tí]|me|tro
altimurado	adjetivo	al|ti|mu|[ra]|do
altinate	adjetivo	al|ti|[na]|te
altinate	nome masculino	al|ti|[na]|te
altinate	nome feminino	al|ti|[na]|te
altinopolense	adjetivo	al|ti|no|po|[len]|se
altinopolense	nome masculino	al|ti|no|po|[len]|se
altinopolense	nome feminino	al|ti|no|po|[len]|se
altinopolitano	adjetivo	al|ti|no|po|li|[ta]|no
altinopolitano	nome masculino	al|ti|no|po|li|[ta]|no
altiplano	nome masculino	al|ti|[pla]|no
altipotente	adjetivo	al|ti|po|[ten]|te
altirrostro	adjetivo	al|tir|[ros]|tro
altíssimo	adjetivo	al|[tís]|si|mo
altissonância	nome feminino	al|tis|so|[nân]|ci|a
altissonante	adjetivo	al|tis|so|[nan]|te
altissonantemente	advérbio	al|tis|so|nan|te|[men]|te
altíssono	adjetivo	al|[tís]|so|no
altista	nome masculino	al|[tis]|ta
altista	adjetivo	al|[tis]|ta
altista	nome feminino	al|[tis]|ta
altitonante	adjetivo	al|ti|to|[nan]|te
altitude	nome feminino	al|ti|[tu]|de
altitudinal	adjetivo	al|ti|tu|di|[nal]
altívago	adjetivo	al|[tí]|va|go
altivamente	advérbio	al|ti|va|[men]|te
altivar	verbo	al|ti|[var]
altivez	nome feminino	al|ti|[vez]
altiveza	nome feminino	al|ti|[ve]|za
altivo	adjetivo	al|[ti]|vo
altivolante	adjetivo	al|ti|vo|[lan]|te
altívolo	adjetivo	al|[tí]|vo|lo
