incensadela	nome feminino	in|cen|sa|[de]|la
incensador	adjetivo	in|cen|sa|[dor]
incensador	nome masculino	in|cen|sa|[dor]
incensadora	nome feminino	in|cen|sa|[do]|ra
incensamento	nome feminino	in|cen|sa|[men]|to
incensamento	nome masculino	in|cen|sa|[men]|to
incensar	verbo	in|cen|[sar]
incensário	nome masculino	in|cen|[sá]|ri|o
incenso	nome masculino	in|[cen]|so
incensório	nome masculino	in|cen|[só]|ri|o
incensurável	adjetivo	in|cen|su|[rá]|vel
incentiva	nome feminino	in|cen|[ti]|va
incentivador	adjetivo	in|cen|ti|va|[dor]
incentivador	nome masculino	in|cen|ti|va|[dor]
incentivadora	nome feminino	in|cen|ti|va|[do]|ra
incentivante	adjetivo	in|cen|ti|[van]|te
incentivar	verbo	in|cen|ti|[var]
incentivo	adjetivo	in|cen|[ti]|vo
incentivo	nome masculino	in|cen|[ti]|vo
incentor	nome masculino	in|cen|[tor]
incentro	nome masculino	in|[cen]|tro
inceptivo	adjetivo	in|cep|[ti]|vo
incerimonioso	adjetivo	in|ce|ri|mo|ni|[o]|so
incerne	adjetivo	in|[cer]|ne
incertamente	advérbio	in|cer|ta|[men]|te
incerteza	nome feminino	in|cer|[te]|za
incerto	adjetivo	in|[cer]|to
incerto	nome masculino	in|[cer]|to
incessante	adjetivo	in|ces|[san]|te
incessantemente	advérbio	in|ces|san|te|[men]|te
incessável	adjetivo	in|ces|[sá]|vel
incessibilidade	nome feminino	in|ces|si|bi|li|[da]|de
incessível	adjetivo	in|ces|[sí]|vel
incesso	nome masculino	in|[ces]|so
incestar	verbo	in|ces|[tar]
incesto	nome masculino	in|[ces]|to
incestuosa	nome feminino	in|ces|tu|[o]|sa
incestuosamente	advérbio	in|ces|tu|o|sa|[men]|te
incestuoso	adjetivo	in|ces|tu|[o]|so
incestuoso	nome masculino	in|ces|tu|[o]|so
incetivo	adjetivo	in|ce|[ti]|vo
incha	nome feminino	[in]|cha
inchação	nome feminino	in|cha|[ção]
inchaço	nome masculino	in|[cha]|ço
inchadamente	advérbio	in|cha|da|[men]|te
inchado	adjetivo	in|[cha]|do
inchado	nome masculino	in|[cha]|do
inchadura	nome feminino	in|cha|[du]|ra
inchamento	nome masculino	in|cha|[men]|to
inchar	verbo	in|[char]
incicatrizável	adjetivo	in|ci|ca|tri|[zá]|vel
incidência	nome feminino	in|ci|[dên]|ci|a
incidentado	adjetivo	in|ci|den|[ta]|do
incidental	adjetivo	in|ci|den|[tal]
incidentalmente	advérbio	in|ci|den|tal|[men]|te
incidentar	verbo	in|ci|den|[tar]
incidente	adjetivo	in|ci|[den]|te
incidente	nome masculino	in|ci|[den]|te
incidentemente	advérbio	in|ci|den|te|[men]|te
incidir	verbo	in|ci|[dir]
incientífico	adjetivo	in|ci|en|[tí]|fi|co
incindir	verbo	in|cin|[dir]
incindível	adjetivo	in|cin|[dí]|vel
incineração	nome feminino	in|ci|ne|ra|[ção]
incinerado	adjetivo	in|ci|ne|[ra]|do
incinerador	adjetivo	in|ci|ne|ra|[dor]
incinerador	nome masculino	in|ci|ne|ra|[dor]
incineradora	nome feminino	in|ci|ne|ra|[do]|ra
incinerar	verbo	in|ci|ne|[rar]
incineratório	adjetivo	in|ci|ne|ra|[tó]|ri|o
incinerável	adjetivo	in|ci|ne|[rá]|vel
incipiência	nome feminino	in|ci|pi|[ên]|ci|a
incipiente	adjetivo	in|ci|pi|[en]|te
incircuncidado	adjetivo	in|cir|cun|ci|[da]|do
incircuncisão	nome feminino	in|cir|cun|ci|[são]
incircunciso	nome masculino	in|cir|cun|[ci]|so
incircunciso	adjetivo	in|cir|cun|[ci]|so
incircunscritível	adjetivo	in|cir|cuns|cri|[tí]|vel
incircunscrito	adjetivo	in|cir|cuns|[cri]|to
incisador	nome masculino	in|ci|sa|[dor]
incisamente	advérbio	in|ci|sa|[men]|te
incisão	nome feminino	in|ci|[são]
incisar	verbo	in|ci|[sar]
incisivamente	advérbio	in|ci|si|va|[men]|te
incisividade	nome feminino	in|ci|si|vi|[da]|de
incisivo	adjetivo	in|ci|[si]|vo
incisivo	nome masculino	in|ci|[si]|vo
inciso	nome masculino	in|[ci]|so
inciso	adjetivo	in|[ci]|so
incisor	adjetivo	in|ci|[sor]
incisor	nome masculino	in|ci|[sor]
incisora	nome feminino	in|ci|[so]|ra
incisório	adjetivo	in|ci|[só]|ri|o
incisura	nome feminino	in|ci|[su]|ra
incitabilidade	nome feminino	in|ci|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
incitação	nome feminino	in|ci|ta|[ção]
incitador	adjetivo	in|ci|ta|[dor]
incitador	nome masculino	in|ci|ta|[dor]
incitadora	nome feminino	in|ci|ta|[do]|ra
incitamento	nome masculino	in|ci|ta|[men]|to
