incomodante	adjetivo	in|co|mo|[dan]|te
incomodar	verbo	in|co|mo|[dar]
incomodativamente	advérbio	in|co|mo|da|ti|va|[men]|te
incomodativo	adjetivo	in|co|mo|da|[ti]|vo
incomodável	adjetivo	in|co|mo|[dá]|vel
incomodidade	nome feminino	in|co|mo|di|[da]|de
incômodo	adjetivo	in|[cô]|mo|do
incômodo	nome masculino	in|[cô]|mo|do
incómodo	adjetivo	in|[có]|mo|do
incómodo	nome masculino	in|[có]|mo|do
incompactidade	nome feminino	in|com|pac|ti|[da]|de
incomparabilidade	nome feminino	in|com|pa|ra|bi|li|[da]|de
incomparável	adjetivo	in|com|pa|[rá]|vel
incomparavelmente	advérbio	in|com|pa|ra|vel|[men]|te
incompassível	adjetivo	in|com|pas|[sí]|vel
incompassividade	nome feminino	in|com|pas|si|vi|[da]|de
incompassivo	adjetivo	in|com|pas|[si]|vo
incompatibilidade	nome feminino	in|com|pa|ti|bi|li|[da]|de
incompatibilização	nome feminino	in|com|pa|ti|bi|li|za|[ção]
incompatibilizado	adjetivo	in|com|pa|ti|bi|li|[za]|do
incompatibilizador	adjetivo	in|com|pa|ti|bi|li|za|[dor]
incompatibilizar	verbo	in|com|pa|ti|bi|li|[zar]
incompatibilizável	adjetivo	in|com|pa|ti|bi|li|[zá]|vel
incompatível	adjetivo	in|com|pa|[tí]|vel
incompensado	adjetivo	in|com|pen|[sa]|do
incompensável	adjetivo	in|com|pen|[sá]|vel
incompetência	nome feminino	in|com|pe|[tên]|ci|a
incompetente	adjetivo	in|com|pe|[ten]|te
incompetente	nome masculino	in|com|pe|[ten]|te
incompetente	nome feminino	in|com|pe|[ten]|te
incompetentemente	advérbio	in|com|pe|ten|te|[men]|te
incomplacência	nome feminino	in|com|pla|[cên]|ci|a
incomplacente	adjetivo	in|com|pla|[cen]|te
incompleição	nome feminino	in|com|plei|[ção]
incompletamente	advérbio	in|com|ple|ta|[men]|te
incompleto	adjetivo	in|com|[ple]|to
incompletude	nome feminino	in|com|ple|[tu]|de
incomplexidade	nome feminino	in|com|ple|xi|[da]|de
incomplexivo	adjetivo	in|com|ple|[xi]|vo
incomplexo	adjetivo	in|com|[ple]|xo
incomponível	adjetivo	in|com|po|[ní]|vel
incomportabilidade	nome feminino	in|com|por|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
incomportável	adjetivo	in|com|por|[tá]|vel
incomportavelmente	advérbio	in|com|por|ta|vel|[men]|te
incompossibilidade	nome feminino	in|com|pos|si|bi|li|[da]|de
incompossível	adjetivo	in|com|pos|[sí]|vel
incomposto	adjetivo	in|com|[pos]|to
incompreendida	nome feminino	in|com|pre|en|[di]|da
incompreendido	adjetivo	in|com|pre|en|[di]|do
incompreendido	nome masculino	in|com|pre|en|[di]|do
incompreensão	nome feminino	in|com|pre|en|[são]
incompreensíbil	adjetivo	in|com|pre|en|[sí]|bil
incompreensíbil	nome masculino	in|com|pre|en|[sí]|bil
incompreensibilidade	nome feminino	in|com|pre|en|si|bi|li|[da]|de
incompreensível	adjetivo	in|com|pre|en|[sí]|vel
incompreensível	nome masculino	in|com|pre|en|[sí]|vel
incompreensivelmente	advérbio	in|com|pre|en|si|vel|[men]|te
incompreensivo	adjetivo	in|com|pre|en|[si]|vo
incompressibilidade	nome feminino	in|com|pres|si|bi|li|[da]|de
incompressível	adjetivo	in|com|pres|[sí]|vel
incomprimido	adjetivo	in|com|pri|[mi]|do
incomprimível	adjetivo	in|com|pri|[mí]|vel
incomprovado	adjetivo	in|com|pro|[va]|do
incompto	adjetivo	in|[comp]|to
incomputabilidade	nome feminino	in|com|pu|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
incomputável	adjetivo	in|com|pu|[tá]|vel
incomum	adjetivo	in|co|[mum]
incomunicabilidade	nome feminino	in|co|mu|ni|ca|bi|li|[da]|de
incomunicação	nome feminino	in|co|mu|ni|ca|[ção]
incomunicante	adjetivo	in|co|mu|ni|[can]|te
incomunicar	verbo	in|co|mu|ni|[car]
incomunicativo	adjetivo	in|co|mu|ni|ca|[ti]|vo
incomunicável	adjetivo	in|co|mu|ni|[cá]|vel
incomunicavelmente	advérbio	in|co|mu|ni|ca|vel|[men]|te
incomutabilidade	nome feminino	in|co|mu|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
incomutável	adjetivo	in|co|mu|[tá]|vel
incomutavelmente	advérbio	in|co|mu|ta|vel|[men]|te
inconcebível	nome masculino	in|con|ce|[bí]|vel
inconcebível	adjetivo	in|con|ce|[bí]|vel
inconcebivelmente	advérbio	in|con|ce|bi|vel|[men]|te
inconceptível	adjetivo	in|con|cep|[tí]|vel
inconcepto	adjetivo	in|con|[cep]|to
inconcessibilidade	nome feminino	in|con|ces|si|bi|li|[da]|de
inconcessível	adjetivo	in|con|ces|[sí]|vel
inconcesso	adjetivo	in|con|[ces]|so
inconciliabilidade	nome feminino	in|con|ci|li|a|bi|li|[da]|de
inconciliação	nome feminino	in|con|ci|li|a|[ção]
inconciliado	adjetivo	in|con|ci|li|[a]|do
inconciliante	adjetivo	in|con|ci|li|[an]|te
inconciliável	adjetivo	in|con|ci|li|[á]|vel
inconciliavelmente	advérbio	in|con|ci|li|a|vel|[men]|te
inconcludência	nome feminino	in|con|clu|[dên]|ci|a
inconcludente	adjetivo	in|con|clu|[den]|te
inconclusividade	nome feminino	in|con|clu|si|vi|[da]|de
inconclusivo	adjetivo	in|con|clu|[si]|vo
inconcluso	adjetivo	in|con|[clu]|so
inconcordável	adjetivo	in|con|cor|[dá]|vel
inconcussamente	advérbio	in|con|cus|sa|[men]|te
inconcusso	adjetivo	in|con|[cus]|so
inconcutível	adjetivo	in|con|cu|[tí]|vel
