incondensável	adjetivo	in|con|den|[sá]|vel
incondescendente	adjetivo	in|con|des|cen|[den]|te
incondicionado	adjetivo	in|con|di|ci|o|[na]|do
incondicionado	nome masculino	in|con|di|ci|o|[na]|do
incondicional	adjetivo	in|con|di|ci|o|[nal]
incondicional	nome masculino	in|con|di|ci|o|[nal]
incondicionalidade	nome feminino	in|con|di|ci|o|na|li|[da]|de
incondicionalismo	nome masculino	in|con|di|ci|o|na|[lis]|mo
incondicionalmente	advérbio	in|con|di|ci|o|nal|[men]|te
incôndito	adjetivo	in|[côn]|di|to
inconexamente	advérbio	in|co|ne|xa|[men]|te
inconexão	nome feminino	in|co|ne|[xão]
inconexo	adjetivo	in|co|[ne]|xo
inconfessabilidade	nome feminino	in|con|fes|sa|bi|li|[da]|de
inconfessado	adjetivo	in|con|fes|[sa]|do
inconfessável	adjetivo	in|con|fes|[sá]|vel
inconfessavelmente	advérbio	in|con|fes|sa|vel|[men]|te
inconfesso	adjetivo	in|con|[fes]|so
inconfiável	adjetivo	in|con|fi|[á]|vel
inconfidência	nome feminino	in|con|fi|[dên]|ci|a
inconfidencial	adjetivo	in|con|fi|den|ci|[al]
inconfidente	adjetivo	in|con|fi|[den]|te
inconfidente	nome feminino	in|con|fi|[den]|te
inconfidente	nome masculino	in|con|fi|[den]|te
inconfinado	adjetivo	in|con|fi|[na]|do
inconformação	nome feminino	in|con|for|ma|[ção]
inconformada	nome feminino	in|con|for|[ma]|da
inconformado	adjetivo	in|con|for|[ma]|do
inconformado	nome masculino	in|con|for|[ma]|do
inconformável	adjetivo	in|con|for|[má]|vel
inconforme	adjetivo	in|con|[for]|me
inconformidade	nome feminino	in|con|for|mi|[da]|de
inconformismo	nome masculino	in|con|for|[mis]|mo
inconformista	adjetivo	in|con|for|[mis]|ta
inconformista	nome masculino	in|con|for|[mis]|ta
inconformista	nome feminino	in|con|for|[mis]|ta
inconformístico	adjetivo	in|con|for|[mís]|ti|co
inconfortável	adjetivo	in|con|for|[tá]|vel
inconfrontável	adjetivo	in|con|fron|[tá]|vel
inconfundibilidade	nome feminino	in|con|fun|di|bi|li|[da]|de
inconfundível	adjetivo	in|con|fun|[dí]|vel
inconfundivelmente	advérbio	in|con|fun|di|vel|[men]|te
incongelabilidade	nome feminino	in|con|ge|la|bi|li|[da]|de
incongelado	adjetivo	in|con|ge|[la]|do
incongelável	adjetivo	in|con|ge|[lá]|vel
incongruamente	advérbio	in|con|gru|a|[men]|te
incongruência	nome feminino	in|con|gru|[ên]|ci|a
incongruente	adjetivo	in|con|gru|[en]|te
incongruentemente	advérbio	in|con|gru|en|te|[men]|te
incongruidade	nome feminino	in|con|gru|i|[da]|de
incôngruo	adjetivo	in|[côn]|gru|o
inconhecível	adjetivo	in|co|nhe|[cí]|vel
inconho	adjetivo	in|[co]|nho
inconivente	adjetivo	in|co|ni|[ven]|te
inconjugabilidade	nome feminino	in|con|ju|ga|bi|li|[da]|de
inconjugável	adjetivo	in|con|ju|[gá]|vel
inconjurável	adjetivo	in|con|ju|[rá]|vel
inconquistabilidade	nome feminino	in|con|quis|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
inconquistado	adjetivo	in|con|quis|[ta]|do
inconquistável	adjetivo	in|con|quis|[tá]|vel
inconsciamente	advérbio	in|cons|ci|a|[men]|te
inconsciência	nome feminino	in|cons|ci|[ên]|ci|a
inconscienciosamente	advérbio	in|cons|ci|en|ci|o|sa|[men]|te
inconsciencioso	adjetivo	in|cons|ci|en|ci|[o]|so
inconsciente	nome masculino	in|cons|ci|[en]|te
inconsciente	adjetivo	in|cons|ci|[en]|te
inconsciente	nome feminino	in|cons|ci|[en]|te
inconscientemente	advérbio	in|cons|ci|en|te|[men]|te
incônscio	adjetivo	in|[côns]|ci|o
inconsequência	nome feminino	in|con|se|[quên]|ci|a
inconsequente	adjetivo	in|con|se|[quen]|te
inconsequente	nome feminino	in|con|se|[quen]|te
inconsequente	nome masculino	in|con|se|[quen]|te
inconsequentemente	advérbio	in|con|se|quen|te|[men]|te
inconsideração	nome feminino	in|con|si|de|ra|[ção]
inconsideradamente	advérbio	in|con|si|de|ra|da|[men]|te
inconsiderado	adjetivo	in|con|si|de|[ra]|do
incônsio	adjetivo	in|[côn]|si|o
inconsistência	nome feminino	in|con|sis|[tên]|ci|a
inconsistente	adjetivo	in|con|sis|[ten]|te
inconsistentemente	advérbio	in|con|sis|ten|te|[men]|te
inconsolabilidade	nome feminino	in|con|so|la|bi|li|[da]|de
inconsolado	adjetivo	in|con|so|[la]|do
inconsolativo	adjetivo	in|con|so|la|[ti]|vo
inconsolável	adjetivo	in|con|so|[lá]|vel
inconsolavelmente	advérbio	in|con|so|la|vel|[men]|te
inconsonância	nome feminino	in|con|so|[nân]|ci|a
inconsonante	adjetivo	in|con|so|[nan]|te
inconspícuo	adjetivo	in|cons|[pí]|cu|o
inconspurcado	adjetivo	in|cons|pur|[ca]|do
inconstância	nome feminino	in|cons|[tân]|ci|a
inconstante	adjetivo	in|cons|[tan]|te
inconstante	nome feminino	in|cons|[tan]|te
inconstante	nome masculino	in|cons|[tan]|te
inconstante-amante	nome feminino	in|cons|tan|te-a|[man]|te
inconstantemente	advérbio	in|cons|tan|te|[men]|te
inconstar	verbo	in|cons|[tar]
inconstitucional	adjetivo	in|cons|ti|tu|ci|o|[nal]
inconstitucionalidade	nome feminino	in|cons|ti|tu|ci|o|na|li|[da]|de
inconstitucionalizar	verbo	in|cons|ti|tu|ci|o|na|li|[zar]
