infiel	adjetivo	in|fi|[el]
infiel	nome feminino	in|fi|[el]
infielmente	advérbio	in|fi|el|[men]|te
infiltração	nome feminino	in|fil|tra|[ção]
infiltrado	nome masculino	in|fil|[tra]|do
infiltrador	adjetivo	in|fil|tra|[dor]
infiltrador	nome masculino	in|fil|tra|[dor]
infiltramento	nome masculino	in|fil|tra|[men]|to
infiltrar	verbo	in|fil|[trar]
infiltrativo	adjetivo	in|fil|tra|[ti]|vo
infiltrável	adjetivo	in|fil|[trá]|vel
infimidade	nome feminino	in|fi|mi|[da]|de
ínfimo	adjetivo	[ín]|fi|mo
ínfimo	nome masculino	[ín]|fi|mo
infindamente	advérbio	in|fin|da|[men]|te
infindável	adjetivo	in|fin|[dá]|vel
infindavelmente	advérbio	in|fin|da|vel|[men]|te
infindo	adjetivo	in|[fin]|do
infinidade	nome feminino	in|fi|ni|[da]|de
infinitamente	advérbio	in|fi|ni|ta|[men]|te
infinitésima	nome feminino	in|fi|ni|[té]|si|ma
infinitesimal	adjetivo	in|fi|ni|te|si|[mal]
infinitesimalmente	advérbio	in|fi|ni|te|si|mal|[men]|te
infinitésimo	nome masculino	in|fi|ni|[té]|si|mo
infinitésimo	adjetivo	in|fi|ni|[té]|si|mo
infinitismo	nome masculino	in|fi|ni|[tis]|mo
infinitista	adjetivo	in|fi|ni|[tis]|ta
infinitista	nome masculino	in|fi|ni|[tis]|ta
infinitista	nome feminino	in|fi|ni|[tis]|ta
infinitivo	nome masculino	in|fi|ni|[ti]|vo
infinitivo	adjetivo	in|fi|ni|[ti]|vo
infinito	adjetivo	in|fi|[ni]|to
infinito	nome masculino	in|fi|[ni]|to
infinitovismo	nome masculino	in|fi|ni|to|[vis]|mo
infinitovista	adjetivo	in|fi|ni|to|[vis]|ta
infinitovista	nome masculino	in|fi|ni|to|[vis]|ta
infinitovista	nome feminino	in|fi|ni|to|[vis]|ta
infirmar	verbo	in|fir|[mar]
infirmativo	adjetivo	in|fir|ma|[ti]|vo
infirmável	adjetivo	in|fir|[má]|vel
infirme	adjetivo	in|[fir]|me
infirmidade	nome feminino	in|fir|mi|[da]|de
infixação	nome feminino	in|fi|xa|[ção]
infixar	verbo	in|fi|[xar]
infixável	adjetivo	in|fi|[xá]|vel
infixidez	nome feminino	in|fi|xi|[dez]
infixo	nome masculino	in|[fi]|xo
infixo	adjetivo	in|[fi]|xo
inflação	nome feminino	in|fla|[ção]
inflacionado	adjetivo	in|fla|ci|o|[na]|do
inflacional	adjetivo	in|fla|ci|o|[nal]
inflacionamento	nome masculino	in|fla|ci|o|na|[men]|to
inflacionante	adjetivo	in|fla|ci|o|[nan]|te
inflacionar	verbo	in|fla|ci|o|[nar]
inflacionário	adjetivo	in|fla|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
inflacionável	adjetivo	in|fla|ci|o|[ná]|vel
inflacionismo	nome masculino	in|fla|ci|o|[nis]|mo
inflacionista	nome masculino	in|fla|ci|o|[nis]|ta
inflacionista	adjetivo	in|fla|ci|o|[nis]|ta
inflacionista	nome feminino	in|fla|ci|o|[nis]|ta
inflado	adjetivo	in|[fla]|do
inflador	adjetivo	in|fla|[dor]
inflador	nome masculino	in|fla|[dor]
inflamabilidade	nome feminino	in|fla|ma|bi|li|[da]|de
inflamação	nome feminino	in|fla|ma|[ção]
inflamadamente	advérbio	in|fla|ma|da|[men]|te
inflamado	adjetivo	in|fla|[ma]|do
inflamador	adjetivo	in|fla|ma|[dor]
inflamador	nome masculino	in|fla|ma|[dor]
inflamante	adjetivo	in|fla|[man]|te
inflamar	verbo	in|fla|[mar]
inflamativo	adjetivo	in|fla|ma|[ti]|vo
inflamatório	adjetivo	in|fla|ma|[tó]|ri|o
inflamável	adjetivo	in|fla|[má]|vel
inflar	verbo	in|[flar]
inflativo	adjetivo	in|fla|[ti]|vo
inflatório	adjetivo	in|fla|[tó]|ri|o
inflável	adjetivo	in|[flá]|vel
inflectir	verbo	in|flec|[tir]
infletir	verbo	in|fle|[tir]
inflexão	nome feminino	in|fle|[xão]
inflexibilidade	nome feminino	in|fle|xi|bi|li|[da]|de
inflexionar	verbo	in|fle|xi|o|[nar]
inflexível	adjetivo	in|fle|[xí]|vel
inflexivelmente	advérbio	in|fle|xi|vel|[men]|te
inflexivo	adjetivo	in|fle|[xi]|vo
inflexo	adjetivo	in|[fle]|xo
inflição	nome feminino	in|fli|[ção]
inflicção	nome feminino	in|flic|[ção]
infligidor	adjetivo	in|fli|gi|[dor]
infligidor	nome masculino	in|fli|gi|[dor]
infligir	verbo	in|fli|[gir]
inflorescência	nome feminino	in|flo|res|[cên]|ci|a
inflorescente	adjetivo	in|flo|res|[cen]|te
influença	nome feminino	in|flu|[en]|ça
influência	nome feminino	in|flu|[ên]|ci|a
influenciação	nome feminino	in|flu|en|ci|a|[ção]
influenciador	adjetivo	in|flu|en|ci|a|[dor]
influenciador	nome masculino	in|flu|en|ci|a|[dor]
influenciadora	nome feminino	in|flu|en|ci|a|[do]|ra
