insofríbil	adjetivo	in|so|[frí]|bil
insofridamente	advérbio	in|so|fri|da|[men]|te
insofrido	adjetivo	in|so|[fri]|do
insofrimento	nome masculino	in|so|fri|[men]|to
insofrível	adjetivo	in|so|[frí]|vel
insofrivelmente	advérbio	in|so|fri|vel|[men]|te
insolação	nome feminino	in|so|la|[ção]
insolar	verbo	in|so|[lar]
insoldável	adjetivo	in|sol|[dá]|vel
insolência	nome feminino	in|so|[lên]|ci|a
insolente	nome masculino	in|so|[len]|te
insolente	adjetivo	in|so|[len]|te
insolente	nome feminino	in|so|[len]|te
insolentemente	advérbio	in|so|len|te|[men]|te
insolidariedade	nome feminino	in|so|li|da|ri|e|[da]|de
insolidário	adjetivo	in|so|li|[dá]|ri|o
insolitamente	advérbio	in|so|li|ta|[men]|te
insólito	adjetivo	in|[só]|li|to
insolubilidade	nome feminino	in|so|lu|bi|li|[da]|de
insolubilizar	verbo	in|so|lu|bi|li|[zar]
insolúvel	adjetivo	in|so|[lú]|vel
insoluvelmente	advérbio	in|so|lu|vel|[men]|te
insolvabilidade	nome feminino	in|sol|va|bi|li|[da]|de
insolvência	nome feminino	in|sol|[vên]|ci|a
insolvente	adjetivo	in|sol|[ven]|te
insolvente	nome masculino	in|sol|[ven]|te
insolvente	nome feminino	in|sol|[ven]|te
insolvibilidade	nome feminino	in|sol|vi|bi|li|[da]|de
insolvível	adjetivo	in|sol|[ví]|vel
insondabilidade	nome feminino	in|son|da|bi|li|[da]|de
insondado	adjetivo	in|son|[da]|do
insondável	adjetivo	in|son|[dá]|vel
insondavelmente	advérbio	in|son|da|vel|[men]|te
insone	adjetivo	in|[so]|ne
insonhado	adjetivo	in|so|[nha]|do
insonhável	adjetivo	in|so|[nhá]|vel
insónia	nome feminino	in|[só]|ni|a
insônia	nome feminino	in|[sô]|ni|a
insonioso	adjetivo	in|so|ni|[o]|so
insonolência	nome feminino	in|so|no|[lên]|ci|a
insonoridade	nome feminino	in|so|no|ri|[da]|de
insonorização	nome feminino	in|so|no|ri|za|[ção]
insonorizar	verbo	in|so|no|ri|[zar]
insonoro	adjetivo	in|so|[no]|ro
insonsamente	advérbio	in|son|sa|[men]|te
insonso	adjetivo	in|[son]|so
insonte	adjetivo	in|[son]|te
insopesável	adjetivo	in|so|pe|[sá]|vel
insopitado	adjetivo	in|so|pi|[ta]|do
insopitável	adjetivo	in|so|pi|[tá]|vel
insossamente	advérbio	in|sos|sa|[men]|te
insossar	verbo	in|sos|[sar]
insossego	nome masculino	in|sos|[se]|go
insosso	adjetivo	in|[sos]|so
inspeção	nome feminino	ins|pe|[ção]
inspeção-geral	nome feminino	ins|pe|ção-ge|[ral]
inspecionador	nome masculino	ins|pe|ci|o|na|[dor]
inspecionamento	nome masculino	ins|pe|ci|o|na|[men]|to
inspecionar	verbo	ins|pe|ci|o|[nar]
inspecionável	adjetivo	ins|pe|ci|o|[ná]|vel
inspectivo	adjetivo	ins|pec|[ti]|vo
inspetar	verbo	ins|pe|[tar]
inspetivo	adjetivo	ins|pe|[ti]|vo
inspetor	adjetivo	ins|pe|[tor]
inspetor	nome masculino	ins|pe|[tor]
inspetor-adjunto	nome masculino	ins|pe|tor-ad|[jun]|to
inspetor-geral	nome masculino	ins|pe|tor-ge|[ral]
inspetor-orientador	nome masculino	ins|pec|tor-o|ri|en|ta|[dor]
inspetora	nome feminino	ins|pe|[to]|ra
inspetora-geral	nome feminino	ins|pe|to|ra-ge|[ral]
inspetorado	nome masculino	ins|pe|to|[ra]|do
inspetoria	nome feminino	ins|pe|to|[ri]|a
inspetório	adjetivo	ins|pe|[tó]|ri|o
inspiração	nome feminino	ins|pi|ra|[ção]
inspirada	nome feminino	ins|pi|[ra]|da
inspiradamente	advérbio	ins|pi|ra|da|[men]|te
inspirado	adjetivo	ins|pi|[ra]|do
inspirado	nome masculino	ins|pi|[ra]|do
inspirador	nome masculino	ins|pi|ra|[dor]
inspirador	adjetivo	ins|pi|ra|[dor]
inspiradora	nome feminino	ins|pi|ra|[do]|ra
inspirar	verbo	ins|pi|[rar]
inspirativo	adjetivo	ins|pi|ra|[ti]|vo
inspiratório	adjetivo	ins|pi|ra|[tó]|ri|o
inspirável	adjetivo	ins|pi|[rá]|vel
inspissação	nome feminino	ins|pis|sa|[ção]
inspissamento	nome masculino	ins|pis|sa|[men]|to
inspissar	verbo	ins|pis|[sar]
instábil	adjetivo	ins|[tá]|bil
instabilidade	nome feminino	ins|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
instalação	nome feminino	ins|ta|la|[ção]
instalador	adjetivo	ins|ta|la|[dor]
instalador	nome masculino	ins|ta|la|[dor]
instaladora	nome feminino	ins|ta|la|[do]|ra
instalar	verbo	ins|ta|[lar]
instalável	adjetivo	ins|ta|[lá]|vel
instaminado	adjetivo	ins|ta|mi|[na]|do
instância	nome feminino	ins|[tân]|ci|a
instantaneamente	advérbio	ins|tan|ta|ne|a|[men]|te
instantaneidade	nome feminino	ins|tan|ta|nei|[da]|de
