insurreccional	adjetivo	in|sur|rec|ci|o|[nal]
insurreccionalmente	advérbio	in|sur|rec|ci|o|nal|[men]|te
insurreccionar	verbo	in|sur|rec|ci|o|[nar]
insurreccionário	adjetivo	in|sur|rec|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
insurreccionário	nome masculino	in|sur|rec|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
insurreccionável	adjetivo	in|sur|rec|ci|o|[ná]|vel
insurreccionismo	nome masculino	in|sur|rec|ci|o|[nis]|mo
insurreccionista	adjetivo	in|sur|rec|ci|o|[nis]|ta
insurreccionista	nome masculino	in|sur|rec|ci|o|[nis]|ta
insurreccionista	nome feminino	in|sur|rec|ci|o|[nis]|ta
insurrecionado	nome masculino	in|sur|re|ci|o|[na]|do
insurrecional	adjetivo	in|sur|re|ci|o|[nal]
insurrecionalmente	advérbio	in|sur|re|ci|o|nal|[men]|te
insurrecionar	verbo	in|sur|re|ci|o|[nar]
insurrecionário	nome masculino	in|sur|re|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
insurrecionário	adjetivo	in|sur|re|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
insurrecionável	adjetivo	in|sur|re|ci|o|[ná]|vel
insurrecionismo	nome masculino	in|sur|re|ci|o|[nis]|mo
insurrecta	nome feminino	in|sur|[rec]|ta
insurrecto	adjetivo	in|sur|[rec]|to
insurrecto	nome masculino	in|sur|[rec]|to
insurreição	nome feminino	in|sur|rei|[ção]
insurreta	nome feminino	in|sur|[re]|ta
insurreto	adjetivo	in|sur|[re]|to
insurreto	nome masculino	in|sur|[re]|to
insusceptível	adjetivo	in|sus|cep|[tí]|vel
insuscetível	adjetivo	in|sus|ce|[tí]|vel
insuspeição	nome feminino	in|sus|pei|[ção]
insuspeitado	adjetivo	in|sus|pei|[ta]|do
insuspeitamente	advérbio	in|sus|pei|ta|[men]|te
insuspeitável	adjetivo	in|sus|pei|[tá]|vel
insuspeitavelmente	advérbio	in|sus|pei|ta|vel|[men]|te
insuspeito	adjetivo	in|sus|[pei]|to
insuspeitosamente	advérbio	in|sus|pei|to|sa|[men]|te
insuspeitoso	adjetivo	in|sus|pei|[to]|so
insustentabilidade	nome feminino	in|sus|ten|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
insustentável	adjetivo	in|sus|ten|[tá]|vel
insustentavelmente	advérbio	in|sus|ten|ta|vel|[men]|te
intáctil	adjetivo	in|[tác]|til
intactilidade	nome feminino	in|tac|ti|li|[da]|de
intacto	adjetivo	in|[tac]|to
intangibilidade	nome feminino	in|tan|gi|bi|li|[da]|de
intangível	adjetivo	in|tan|[gí]|vel
intangivelmente	advérbio	in|tan|gi|vel|[men]|te
intátil	adjetivo	in|[tá]|til
intatilidade	nome feminino	in|ta|ti|li|[da]|de
intato	adjetivo	in|[ta]|to
integerrimamente	advérbio	in|te|ger|ri|ma|[men]|te
integérrimo	adjetivo	in|te|[gér]|ri|mo
íntegra	nome feminino	[ín]|te|gra
integrabilidade	nome feminino	in|te|gra|bi|li|[da]|de
integração	nome feminino	in|te|gra|[ção]
integracionismo	nome masculino	in|te|gra|ci|o|[nis]|mo
integracionista	nome masculino	in|te|gra|ci|o|[nis]|ta
integracionista	adjetivo	in|te|gra|ci|o|[nis]|ta
integracionista	nome feminino	in|te|gra|ci|o|[nis]|ta
integracionístico	adjetivo	in|te|gra|ci|o|[nís]|ti|co
integrado	adjetivo	in|te|[gra]|do
integrador	nome masculino	in|te|gra|[dor]
integrador	adjetivo	in|te|gra|[dor]
integral	nome feminino	in|te|[gral]
integral	adjetivo	in|te|[gral]
integralidade	nome feminino	in|te|gra|li|[da]|de
integralismo	nome masculino	in|te|gra|[lis]|mo
integralista	nome masculino	in|te|gra|[lis]|ta
integralista	adjetivo	in|te|gra|[lis]|ta
integralista	nome feminino	in|te|gra|[lis]|ta
integralístico	adjetivo	in|te|gra|[lís]|ti|co
integralização	nome feminino	in|te|gra|li|za|[ção]
integralizado	adjetivo	in|te|gra|li|[za]|do
integralizar	verbo	in|te|gra|li|[zar]
integralizável	adjetivo	in|te|gra|li|[zá]|vel
integralmente	advérbio	in|te|gral|[men]|te
integrante	adjetivo	in|te|[gran]|te
integrante	nome feminino	in|te|[gran]|te
integrar	verbo	in|te|[grar]
integrativo	adjetivo	in|te|gra|[ti]|vo
integrável	adjetivo	in|te|[grá]|vel
integridade	nome feminino	in|te|gri|[da]|de
integrifólio	adjetivo	in|te|gri|[fó]|li|o
integrismo	nome masculino	in|te|[gris]|mo
integrista	adjetivo	in|te|[gris]|ta
integrista	nome masculino	in|te|[gris]|ta
integrista	nome feminino	in|te|[gris]|ta
íntegro	adjetivo	[ín]|te|gro
integrométrico	adjetivo	in|te|gro|[mé]|tri|co
integrômetro	nome masculino	in|te|[grô]|me|tro
integrómetro	nome masculino	in|te|[gró]|me|tro
integumento	nome masculino	in|te|gu|[men]|to
inteiração	nome feminino	in|tei|ra|[ção]
inteirado	adjetivo	in|tei|[ra]|do
inteiramente	advérbio	in|tei|ra|[men]|te
inteirar	verbo	in|tei|[rar]
inteireza	nome feminino	in|tei|[re]|za
inteiriçado	adjetivo	in|tei|ri|[ça]|do
inteiriçamente	advérbio	in|tei|ri|ça|[men]|te
inteiriçamento	nome masculino	in|tei|ri|ça|[men]|to
inteiriçar	verbo	in|tei|ri|[çar]
inteiriço	adjetivo	in|tei|[ri]|ço
inteiro	adjetivo	in|[tei]|ro
