interacadêmico	adjetivo	in|te|ra|ca|[dê]|mi|co
interação	nome feminino	in|te|ra|[ção]
interacionismo	nome masculino	in|te|ra|ci|o|[nis]|mo
interaçoriano	adjetivo	in|te|ra|ço|ri|[a]|no
interagir	verbo	in|te|ra|[gir]
interajuda	nome feminino	in|te|ra|[ju]|da
interaliado	adjetivo	in|te|ra|li|[a]|do
interambulacrário	adjetivo	in|te|ram|bu|la|[crá]|ri|o
interambulacro	nome masculino	in|te|ram|bu|[la]|cro
interamericano	adjetivo	in|te|ra|me|ri|[ca]|no
interamnate	adjetivo	in|te|ram|[na]|te
interamnate	nome masculino	in|te|ram|[na]|te
interamnate	nome feminino	in|te|ram|[na]|te
interamnense	adjetivo	in|te|ram|[nen]|se
interamnense	nome masculino	in|te|ram|[nen]|se
interamnense	nome feminino	in|te|ram|[nen]|se
interantenal	adjetivo	in|te|ran|te|[nal]
interanular	adjetivo	in|te|ra|nu|[lar]
interarticular	adjetivo	in|te|rar|ti|cu|[lar]
interastral	adjetivo	in|te|ras|[tral]
interatividade	nome feminino	in|te|ra|ti|vi|[da]|de
interativo	adjetivo	in|te|ra|[ti]|vo
interatómico	adjetivo	in|te|ra|[tó]|mi|co
interatômico	adjetivo	in|te|ra|[tô]|mi|co
interatuar	verbo	in|te|ra|tu|[ar]
interbancário	adjetivo	in|ter|ban|[cá]|ri|o
interbranquial	adjetivo	in|ter|bran|qui|[al]
intercaciense	nome masculino	in|ter|ca|ci|[en]|se
intercaciense	adjetivo	in|ter|ca|ci|[en]|se
intercaciense	nome feminino	in|ter|ca|ci|[en]|se
intercadência	nome feminino	in|ter|ca|[dên]|ci|a
intercadente	adjetivo	in|ter|ca|[den]|te
intercalação	nome feminino	in|ter|ca|la|[ção]
intercalado	adjetivo	in|ter|ca|[la]|do
intercalador	adjetivo	in|ter|ca|la|[dor]
intercalador	nome masculino	in|ter|ca|la|[dor]
intercalar	adjetivo	in|ter|ca|[lar]
intercalar	verbo	in|ter|ca|[lar]
intercalável	adjetivo	in|ter|ca|[lá]|vel
intercambiar	verbo	in|ter|cam|bi|[ar]
intercambiável	adjetivo	in|ter|cam|bi|[á]|vel
intercâmbio	nome masculino	in|ter|[câm]|bi|o
intercapilar	adjetivo	in|ter|ca|pi|[lar]
intercárpico	adjetivo	in|ter|[cár]|pi|co
intercartilagíneo	adjetivo	in|ter|car|ti|la|[gí]|ne|o
interceção	nome feminino	in|ter|ce|[ção]
intercedente	adjetivo	in|ter|ce|[den]|te
intercedente	nome masculino	in|ter|ce|[den]|te
intercedente	nome feminino	in|ter|ce|[den]|te
interceder	verbo	in|ter|ce|[der]
intercelular	adjetivo	in|ter|ce|lu|[lar]
intercensitário	adjetivo	in|ter|cen|si|[tá]|ri|o
intercentil	nome masculino	in|ter|cen|[til]
intercepção	nome feminino	in|ter|cep|[ção]
interceptação	nome feminino	in|ter|cep|ta|[ção]
interceptado	adjetivo	in|ter|cep|[ta]|do
interceptador	nome masculino	in|ter|cep|ta|[dor]
interceptador	adjetivo	in|ter|cep|ta|[dor]
interceptadora	nome feminino	in|ter|cep|ta|[do]|ra
interceptante	adjetivo	in|ter|cep|[tan]|te
interceptar	verbo	in|ter|cep|[tar]
interceptável	adjetivo	in|ter|cep|[tá]|vel
interceptivo	adjetivo	in|ter|cep|[ti]|vo
intercepto	adjetivo	in|ter|[cep]|to
interceptor	adjetivo	in|ter|cep|[tor]
interceptor	nome masculino	in|ter|cep|[tor]
interceptora	nome feminino	in|ter|cep|[to]|ra
interceptório	nome masculino	in|ter|cep|[tó]|ri|o
intercervical	adjetivo	in|ter|cer|vi|[cal]
intercessão	nome feminino	in|ter|ces|[são]
intercessor	adjetivo	in|ter|ces|[sor]
intercessor	nome masculino	in|ter|ces|[sor]
intercessora	nome feminino	in|ter|ces|[so]|ra
intercetação	nome feminino	in|ter|ce|ta|[ção]
intercetado	adjetivo	in|ter|ce|[ta]|do
intercetador	adjetivo	in|ter|ce|ta|[dor]
intercetador	nome masculino	in|ter|ce|ta|[dor]
intercetadora	nome feminino	in|ter|ce|ta|[do]|ra
intercetante	adjetivo	in|ter|ce|[tan]|te
intercetar	verbo	in|ter|ce|[tar]
intercetável	adjetivo	in|ter|ce|[tá]|vel
intercetivo	adjetivo	in|ter|ce|[ti]|vo
interceto	adjetivo	in|ter|[ce]|to
intercetor	nome masculino	in|ter|ce|[tor]
intercetor	adjetivo	in|ter|ce|[tor]
intercetora	nome feminino	in|ter|ce|[to]|ra
intercetório	nome masculino	in|ter|ce|[tó]|ri|o
intercidades	nome masculino	in|ter|ci|[da]|des
intercidência	nome feminino	in|ter|ci|[dên]|ci|a
intercidente	adjetivo	in|ter|ci|[den]|te
intercílio	nome masculino	in|ter|[cí]|li|o
intercipiente	adjetivo	in|ter|ci|pi|[en]|te
intercisão	nome feminino	in|ter|ci|[são]
interciso	adjetivo	in|ter|[ci]|so
interclassismo	nome masculino	in|ter|clas|[sis]|mo
interclavicular	adjetivo	in|ter|cla|vi|cu|[lar]
interclubista	adjetivo	in|ter|clu|[bis]|ta
intercolonial	adjetivo	in|ter|co|lo|ni|[al]
intercolunar	adjetivo	in|ter|co|lu|[nar]
intercolúnio	nome masculino	in|ter|co|[lú]|ni|o
