interpretável	adjetivo	in|ter|pre|[tá]|vel
intérprete	nome masculino	in|[tér]|pre|te
intérprete	nome feminino	in|[tér]|pre|te
interprofissional	adjetivo	in|ter|pro|fis|si|o|[nal]
interprovincial	adjetivo	in|ter|pro|vin|ci|[al]
interquartil	nome masculino	in|ter|quar|[til]
interregno	nome masculino	in|ter|[reg]|no
intérrito	adjetivo	in|[tér]|ri|to
interrogação	nome feminino	in|ter|ro|ga|[ção]
interrogado	adjetivo	in|ter|ro|[ga]|do
interrogado	nome masculino	in|ter|ro|[ga]|do
interrogador	adjetivo	in|ter|ro|ga|[dor]
interrogador	nome masculino	in|ter|ro|ga|[dor]
interrogadora	nome feminino	in|ter|ro|ga|[do]|ra
interrogadoramente	advérbio	in|ter|ro|ga|do|ra|[men]|te
interrogamento	nome masculino	in|ter|ro|ga|[men]|to
interrogante	adjetivo	in|ter|ro|[gan]|te
interrogante	nome masculino	in|ter|ro|[gan]|te
interrogante	nome feminino	in|ter|ro|[gan]|te
interrogar	verbo	in|ter|ro|[gar]
interrogativa	nome feminino	in|ter|ro|ga|[ti]|va
interrogativamente	advérbio	in|ter|ro|ga|ti|va|[men]|te
interrogativo	adjetivo	in|ter|ro|ga|[ti]|vo
interrogativo	nome masculino	in|ter|ro|ga|[ti]|vo
interrogativo-exclamativo	adjetivo	in|ter|ro|ga|ti|vo-ex|cla|ma|[ti]|vo
interrogatório	adjetivo	in|ter|ro|ga|[tó]|ri|o
interrogatório	nome masculino	in|ter|ro|ga|[tó]|ri|o
interrogável	adjetivo	in|ter|ro|[gá]|vel
interrompedor	adjetivo	in|ter|rom|pe|[dor]
interrompedor	nome masculino	in|ter|rom|pe|[dor]
interromper	verbo	in|ter|rom|[per]
interrompido	adjetivo	in|ter|rom|[pi]|do
interrompível	adjetivo	in|ter|rom|[pí]|vel
interrupção	nome feminino	in|ter|rup|[ção]
interruptamente	advérbio	in|ter|rup|ta|[men]|te
interruptivo	adjetivo	in|ter|rup|[ti]|vo
interrupto	adjetivo	in|ter|[rup]|to
interruptor	adjetivo	in|ter|rup|[tor]
interruptor	nome masculino	in|ter|rup|[tor]
interruptora	nome feminino	in|ter|rup|[to]|ra
interrutor	nome masculino	in|ter|ru|[tor]
interrutor	adjetivo	in|ter|ru|[tor]
interrutora	nome feminino	in|ter|ru|[to]|ra
interscálmio	nome masculino	in|ters|[cál]|mi|o
interseção	nome feminino	in|ter|se|[ção]
intersecção	nome feminino	in|ter|sec|[ção]
interseccional	adjetivo	in|ter|sec|ci|o|[nal]
interseccionismo	nome masculino	in|ter|sec|ci|o|[nis]|mo
intersecional	adjetivo	in|ter|se|ci|o|[nal]
intersecionismo	nome masculino	in|ter|se|ci|o|[nis]|mo
intersectar	verbo	in|ter|sec|[tar]
interserir	verbo	in|ter|se|[rir]
intersetar	verbo	in|ter|se|[tar]
intersexual	adjetivo	in|ter|se|xu|[al]
intersexualidade	nome feminino	in|ter|se|xu|a|li|[da]|de
intersideral	adjetivo	in|ter|si|de|[ral]
intersilhado	adjetivo	in|ter|si|[lha]|do
intersindical	adjetivo	in|ter|sin|di|[cal]
intersocial	adjetivo	in|ter|so|ci|[al]
interspinoso	adjetivo	in|ters|pi|[no]|so
interstelar	adjetivo	in|ters|te|[lar]
intersticial	adjetivo	in|ters|ti|ci|[al]
interstício	nome masculino	in|ters|[tí]|ci|o
intersubjetividade	nome feminino	in|ter|sub|je|ti|vi|[da]|de
intersubjetivo	adjetivo	in|ter|sub|je|[ti]|vo
interterritorial	adjetivo	in|ter|ter|ri|to|ri|[al]
intertexto	nome masculino	in|ter|[tex]|to
intertextual	adjetivo	in|ter|tex|tu|[al]
intertextualidade	nome feminino	in|ter|tex|tu|a|li|[da]|de
intertipo	nome feminino	in|ter|[ti]|po
intertransversário	adjetivo	in|ter|trans|ver|[sá]|ri|o
intertrigem	nome feminino	in|ter|[tri]|gem
intertriginoso	adjetivo	in|ter|tri|gi|[no]|so
intertrigo	nome masculino	in|ter|[tri]|go
intertropical	adjetivo	in|ter|tro|pi|[cal]
interuniversitário	adjetivo	in|te|ru|ni|ver|si|[tá]|ri|o
interurbano	adjetivo	in|te|rur|[ba]|no
interutricular	adjetivo	in|te|ru|tri|cu|[lar]
intervaladamente	advérbio	in|ter|va|la|da|[men]|te
intervalado	adjetivo	in|ter|va|[la]|do
intervalar	verbo	in|ter|va|[lar]
intervalar	adjetivo	in|ter|va|[lar]
intervalarmente	advérbio	in|ter|va|lar|[men]|te
intervaleiro	nome masculino	in|ter|va|[lei]|ro
intervalo	nome masculino	in|ter|[va]|lo
intervenção	nome feminino	in|ter|ven|[ção]
intervencionado	adjetivo	in|ter|ven|ci|o|[na]|do
intervencionar	verbo	in|ter|ven|ci|o|[nar]
intervencionismo	nome masculino	in|ter|ven|ci|o|[nis]|mo
intervencionista	adjetivo	in|ter|ven|ci|o|[nis]|ta
intervencionista	nome masculino	in|ter|ven|ci|o|[nis]|ta
intervencionista	nome feminino	in|ter|ven|ci|o|[nis]|ta
interveniência	nome feminino	in|ter|ve|ni|[ên]|ci|a
interveniente	nome masculino	in|ter|ve|ni|[en]|te
interveniente	adjetivo	in|ter|ve|ni|[en]|te
interveniente	nome feminino	in|ter|ve|ni|[en]|te
interventivamente	advérbio	in|ter|ven|ti|va|[men]|te
interventivo	adjetivo	in|ter|ven|[ti]|vo
interventor	adjetivo	in|ter|ven|[tor]
interventor	nome masculino	in|ter|ven|[tor]
