intracomunitário	adjetivo	in|tra|co|mu|ni|[tá]|ri|o
intracraniano	adjetivo	in|tra|cra|ni|[a]|no
intradérmico	adjetivo	in|tra|[dér]|mi|co
intradilatado	adjetivo	in|tra|di|la|[ta]|do
intradorso	nome masculino	in|tra|[dor]|so
intraduzibilidade	nome feminino	in|tra|du|zi|bi|li|[da]|de
intraduzível	adjetivo	in|tra|du|[zí]|vel
intraespecífico	adjetivo	in|tra|es|pe|[cí]|fi|co
intrafegável	adjetivo	in|tra|fe|[gá]|vel
intrafólio	adjetivo	in|tra|[fó]|li|o
intragável	adjetivo	in|tra|[gá]|vel
intralobular	adjetivo	in|tra|lo|bu|[lar]
intramarginal	adjetivo	in|tra|mar|gi|[nal]
intramedular	adjetivo	in|tra|me|du|[lar]
intramolecular	adjetivo	in|tra|mo|le|cu|[lar]
intramuros	advérbio	in|tra|[mu]|ros
intramuscular	adjetivo	in|tra|mus|cu|[lar]
intranet	nome feminino	in|tra|net
intranquilamente	advérbio	in|tran|qui|la|[men]|te
intranquilidade	nome feminino	in|tran|qui|li|[da]|de
intranquilizador	adjetivo	in|tran|qui|li|za|[dor]
intranquilo	adjetivo	in|tran|[qui]|lo
intransferibilidade	nome feminino	in|trans|fe|ri|bi|li|[da]|de
intransferível	adjetivo	in|trans|fe|[rí]|vel
intransigência	nome feminino	in|tran|si|[gên]|ci|a
intransigente	adjetivo	in|tran|si|[gen]|te
intransigente	nome masculino	in|tran|si|[gen]|te
intransigente	nome feminino	in|tran|si|[gen]|te
intransigentemente	advérbio	in|tran|si|gen|te|[men]|te
intransigibilidade	nome feminino	in|tran|si|gi|bi|li|[da]|de
intransigível	adjetivo	in|tran|si|[gí]|vel
intransitabilidade	nome feminino	in|tran|si|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
intransitado	adjetivo	in|tran|si|[ta]|do
intransitável	adjetivo	in|tran|si|[tá]|vel
intransitivamente	advérbio	in|tran|si|ti|va|[men]|te
intransitivar	verbo	in|tran|si|ti|[var]
intransitividade	nome feminino	in|tran|si|ti|vi|[da]|de
intransitivo	adjetivo	in|tran|si|[ti]|vo
intransmissibilidade	nome feminino	in|trans|mis|si|bi|li|[da]|de
intransmissível	adjetivo	in|trans|mis|[sí]|vel
intransmissivelmente	advérbio	in|trans|mis|si|vel|[men]|te
intransmutável	adjetivo	in|trans|mu|[tá]|vel
intransparente	adjetivo	in|trans|pa|[ren]|te
intransplantável	adjetivo	in|trans|plan|[tá]|vel
intransponibilidade	nome feminino	in|trans|po|ni|bi|li|[da]|de
intransponível	adjetivo	in|trans|po|[ní]|vel
intransportável	adjetivo	in|trans|por|[tá]|vel
intranuclear	adjetivo	in|tra|nu|cle|[ar]
intrão	nome masculino	in|[trão]
intraocular	adjetivo	in|tra|o|cu|[lar]
intraorgânico	adjetivo	in|tra|or|[gâ]|ni|co
intraósseo	adjetivo	in|tra|[ós]|se|o
intrapeciolar	adjetivo	in|tra|pe|ci|o|[lar]
intrapessoal	adjetivo	in|tra|pes|so|[al]
intrapulmonar	adjetivo	in|tra|pul|mo|[nar]
intrário	adjetivo	in|[trá]|ri|o
intrarraquidiano	adjetivo	in|trar|ra|qui|di|[a]|no
intrassecular	adjetivo	in|tras|se|cu|[lar]
intrassinovial	adjetivo	in|tras|si|no|vi|[al]
intratabilidade	nome feminino	in|tra|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
intratado	adjetivo	in|tra|[ta]|do
intratável	adjetivo	in|tra|[tá]|vel
intratelúrico	adjetivo	in|tra|te|[lú]|ri|co
intratorácico	adjetivo	in|tra|to|[rá]|ci|co
intrauterino	adjetivo	in|trau|te|[ri]|no
intravagante	adjetivo	in|tra|va|[gan]|te
intravaginal	adjetivo	in|tra|va|gi|[nal]
intravascular	adjetivo	in|tra|vas|cu|[lar]
intravável	adjetivo	in|tra|[vá]|vel
intravenoso	adjetivo	in|tra|ve|[no]|so
intraventricular	adjetivo	in|tra|ven|tri|cu|[lar]
intraversão	nome feminino	in|tra|ver|[são]
intravertebrado	adjetivo	in|tra|ver|te|[bra]|do
intravertebral	adjetivo	in|tra|ver|te|[bral]
intravertido	adjetivo	in|tra|ver|[ti]|do
intravertido	nome masculino	in|tra|ver|[ti]|do
intrémulo	adjetivo	in|[tré]|mu|lo
intrêmulo	adjetivo	in|[trê]|mu|lo
intrepidamente	advérbio	in|tre|pi|da|[men]|te
intrepidez	nome feminino	in|tre|pi|[dez]
intrépido	adjetivo	in|[tré]|pi|do
intrépido	nome masculino	in|[tré]|pi|do
intrespassável	adjetivo	in|tres|pas|[sá]|vel
intributável	adjetivo	in|tri|bu|[tá]|vel
intributível	adjetivo	in|tri|bu|[tí]|vel
intricadamente	advérbio	in|tri|ca|da|[men]|te
intricado	adjetivo	in|tri|[ca]|do
intricado	nome masculino	in|tri|[ca]|do
intricar	verbo	in|tri|[car]
intriga	nome feminino	in|[tri]|ga
intrigado	adjetivo	in|tri|[ga]|do
intrigalhada	nome feminino	in|tri|ga|[lha]|da
intrigante	adjetivo	in|tri|[gan]|te
intrigante	nome masculino	in|tri|[gan]|te
intrigante	nome feminino	in|tri|[gan]|te
intrigar	verbo	in|tri|[gar]
intriguice	nome feminino	in|tri|[gui]|ce
intriguismo	nome masculino	in|tri|[guis]|mo
intriguista	adjetivo	in|tri|[guis]|ta
intriguista	nome masculino	in|tri|[guis]|ta
