paçoca	nome feminino	pa|[ço]|ca
pacolé	nome masculino	pa|co|[lé]
pacométrico	adjetivo	pa|co|[mé]|tri|co
pacômetro	nome masculino	pa|[cô]|me|tro
pacómetro	nome masculino	pa|[có]|me|tro
pacote	nome masculino	pa|[co]|te
pacotilha	nome feminino	pa|co|[ti]|lha
pacotilho	nome masculino	pa|co|[ti]|lho
pacova	nome feminino	pa|[co]|va
pacoval	nome masculino	pa|co|[val]
pacoveira	nome feminino	pa|co|[vei]|ra
pacóvia	nome feminino	pa|[có]|vi|a
pacoviamente	advérbio	pa|co|vi|a|[men]|te
pacovice	nome feminino	pa|co|[vi]|ce
pacóvio	adjetivo	pa|[có]|vi|o
pacóvio	nome masculino	pa|[có]|vi|o
pactário	adjetivo	pac|[tá]|ri|o
pactário	nome masculino	pac|[tá]|ri|o
pactear	verbo	pac|te|[ar]
pacto	nome masculino	[pac]|to
pactolo	nome masculino	pac|[to]|lo
pactuado	adjetivo	pac|tu|[a]|do
pactuante	adjetivo	pac|tu|[an]|te
pactuante	nome masculino	pac|tu|[an]|te
pactuante	nome feminino	pac|tu|[an]|te
pactuar	verbo	pac|tu|[ar]
pactuária	nome feminino	pac|tu|[á]|ri|a
pactuário	nome masculino	pac|tu|[á]|ri|o
pacu	nome masculino	pa|[cu]
pacuã	nome masculino	pa|cu|[ã]
paçuará	nome masculino	pa|çu|a|[rá]
pacuera	nome feminino	pa|cu|[e]|ra
pacuguaçu	nome masculino	pa|cu|gua|[çu]
pacupeba	nome feminino	pa|cu|[pe]|ba
pacuri	nome masculino	pa|cu|[ri]
pacutinga	nome feminino	pa|cu|[tin]|ga
pacuviano	adjetivo	pa|cu|vi|[a]|no
pada	nome feminino	[pa]|da
padamarro	nome masculino	pa|da|[mar]|ro
padaria	nome feminino	pa|da|[ri]|a
padecedor	adjetivo	pa|de|ce|[dor]
padecedor	nome masculino	pa|de|ce|[dor]
padecedora	nome feminino	pa|de|ce|[do]|ra
padecente	adjetivo	pa|de|[cen]|te
padecente	nome masculino	pa|de|[cen]|te
padecente	nome feminino	pa|de|[cen]|te
padecer	verbo	pa|de|[cer]
padecimento	nome masculino	pa|de|ci|[men]|to
padeira	nome feminino	pa|[dei]|ra
padeiral	adjetivo	pa|dei|[ral]
padeiro	nome masculino	pa|[dei]|ro
padejador	adjetivo	pa|de|ja|[dor]
padejador	nome masculino	pa|de|ja|[dor]
padejadora	nome feminino	pa|de|ja|[do]|ra
padejar	verbo	pa|de|[jar]
padejo	nome masculino	pa|[de]|jo
padela	nome feminino	pa|[de]|la
padês	nome masculino	pa|[dês]
padeu	adjetivo	pa|[deu]
padeu	nome masculino	pa|[deu]
padida	nome feminino	pa|[di]|da
padieira	nome feminino	pa|di|[ei]|ra
padinate	adjetivo	pa|di|[na]|te
padinate	nome masculino	pa|di|[na]|te
padinate	nome feminino	pa|di|[na]|te
padinha	nome feminino	pa|[di]|nha
padiola	nome feminino	pa|di|[o]|la
padioleiro	nome masculino	pa|di|o|[lei]|ro
padixá	nome masculino	pa|di|[xá]
padixato	nome masculino	pa|di|[xa]|to
pado	nome masculino	[pa]|do
padral	nome masculino	pa|[dral]
padralhada	nome feminino	pa|dra|[lha]|da
padrão	nome masculino	pa|[drão]
padrar	verbo	pa|[drar]
padraria	nome feminino	pa|dra|[ri]|a
padrastal	adjetivo	pa|dras|[tal]
padrasto	nome masculino	pa|[dras]|to
padre	nome masculino	[pa]|dre
padre-cura	nome masculino	pa|dre-cu|ra
padre-mestre	nome masculino	pa|dre-mes|tre
padre-nosso	nome masculino	pa|dre-nos|so
padre-santo	nome masculino	pa|dre-san|to
padreação	nome feminino	pa|dre|a|[ção]
padreador	adjetivo	pa|dre|a|[dor]
padreador	nome masculino	pa|dre|a|[dor]
padrear	verbo	pa|dre|[ar]
padreca	nome masculino	pa|[dre]|ca
padreco	nome masculino	pa|[dre]|co
padreiro	nome masculino	pa|[drei]|ro
padresco	adjetivo	pa|[dres]|co
padrice	nome feminino	pa|[dri]|ce
padrinho	nome masculino	pa|[dri]|nho
padrismo	nome masculino	pa|[dris]|mo
padroádigo	nome masculino	pa|dro|[á]|di|go
padroado	nome masculino	pa|dro|[a]|do
padroeira	nome feminino	pa|dro|[ei]|ra
padroeiro	adjetivo	pa|dro|[ei]|ro
padroeiro	nome masculino	pa|dro|[ei]|ro
padronização	nome feminino	pa|dro|ni|za|[ção]
