poliónimo	adjetivo	po|li|[ó]|ni|mo
poliope	adjetivo	po|li|[o]|pe
poliope	nome masculino	po|li|[o]|pe
poliope	nome feminino	po|li|[o]|pe
poliopia	nome feminino	po|li|o|[pi]|a
poliorama	nome masculino	po|li|o|[ra]|ma
poliorcética	nome feminino	po|li|or|[cé]|ti|ca
poliorcético	adjetivo	po|li|or|[cé]|ti|co
poliorexia	nome feminino	po|li|o|re|[xi]|a
poliorquia	nome feminino	po|li|or|[qui]|a
poliose	nome feminino	po|li|[o]|se
poliovirótico	adjetivo	po|li|o|vi|[ró]|ti|co
poliovírus	nome masculino	po|li|o|[ví]|rus
polípago	nome masculino	po|[lí]|pa|go
polipectomia	nome feminino	po|li|pec|to|[mi]|a
polipedia	nome feminino	po|li|pe|[di]|a
polipeiro	nome masculino	po|li|[pei]|ro
polipeptídeo	nome masculino	po|li|pep|[tí]|de|o
polipeptídico	adjetivo	po|li|pep|[tí]|di|co
polipéptido	nome masculino	po|li|[pép]|ti|do
polipétalo	adjetivo	po|li|[pé]|ta|lo
polipiose	nome feminino	po|li|pi|[o]|se
poliplectro	nome masculino	po|li|[plec]|tro
polipletro	nome masculino	po|li|[ple]|tro
poliploide	adjetivo	po|li|[ploi]|de
poliploidia	nome feminino	po|li|ploi|[di]|a
polipneia	nome feminino	po|lip|[nei]|a
polipneico	adjetivo	po|lip|[nei]|co
polipnoico	adjetivo	po|lip|[noi]|co
pólipo	nome masculino	[pó]|li|po
polípode	adjetivo	po|[lí]|po|de
polipodiácea	nome feminino	po|li|po|di|[á]|ce|a
polipodiáceo	adjetivo	po|li|po|di|[á]|ce|o
polipódio	nome masculino	po|li|[pó]|di|o
polipódio	adjetivo	po|li|[pó]|di|o
polipoide	adjetivo	po|li|[poi]|de
polipomedusa	nome feminino	po|li|po|me|[du]|sa
polipomorfo	adjetivo	po|li|po|[mor]|fo
poliporácea	nome feminino	po|li|po|[rá]|ce|a
poliporáceo	adjetivo	po|li|po|[rá]|ce|o
políporo	nome masculino	po|[lí]|po|ro
polipose	nome feminino	po|li|[po]|se
poliposia	nome feminino	po|li|po|[si]|a
poliposo	adjetivo	po|li|[po]|so
polipotomia	nome feminino	po|li|po|to|[mi]|a
polipotômico	adjetivo	po|li|po|[tô]|mi|co
polipotómico	adjetivo	po|li|po|[tó]|mi|co
polipótomo	nome masculino	po|li|[pó]|to|mo
polipropileno	nome masculino	po|li|pro|pi|[le]|no
polipsíquico	adjetivo	po|lip|[sí]|qui|co
polipsiquismo	nome masculino	po|lip|si|[quis]|mo
poliptérida	nome masculino	po|lip|[té]|ri|da
polipterídeo	nome masculino	po|lip|te|[rí]|de|o
polipterídeo	adjetivo	po|lip|te|[rí]|de|o
políptero	nome masculino	po|[líp]|te|ro
políptero	adjetivo	po|[líp]|te|ro
políptico	nome masculino	po|[líp]|ti|co
políptico	adjetivo	po|[líp]|ti|co
poliptoto	nome masculino	po|lip|[to]|to
poliptóton	nome masculino	po|lip|[tó]|ton
poliquento	adjetivo	po|li|[quen]|to
poliqueta	nome masculino	po|li|[que]|ta
poliqueta	adjetivo	po|li|[que]|ta
polir	verbo	po|[lir]
polirreme	nome feminino	po|lir|[re]|me
polirribossoma	nome masculino	po|lir|ri|bos|[so]|ma
polirribossomo	nome masculino	po|lir|ri|bos|[so]|mo
polirritmia	nome feminino	po|lir|rit|[mi]|a
polirritmicamente	advérbio	po|lir|rit|mi|ca|[men]|te
polirrítmico	adjetivo	po|lir|[rít]|mi|co
polirrizo	adjetivo	po|lir|[ri]|zo
polisacarídico	adjetivo	po|li|sa|ca|[rí]|di|co
polisarcia	nome feminino	po|li|sar|[ci]|a
polisarco	adjetivo	po|li|[sar]|co
polisarco	nome masculino	po|li|[sar]|co
poliscelia	nome feminino	po|lis|ce|[li]|a
poliscópico	adjetivo	po|lis|[có]|pi|co
poliscópio	nome masculino	po|lis|[có]|pi|o
polispermia	nome feminino	po|lis|per|[mi]|a
polispérmico	adjetivo	po|lis|[pér]|mi|co
polispermo	adjetivo	po|lis|[per]|mo
polísporo	adjetivo	po|[lís]|po|ro
polissacarídeo	adjetivo	po|lis|sa|ca|[rí]|de|o
polissacarídeo	nome masculino	po|lis|sa|ca|[rí]|de|o
polissacárido	nome masculino	po|lis|sa|[cá]|ri|do
polissemia	nome feminino	po|lis|se|[mi]|a
polissêmico	adjetivo	po|lis|[sê]|mi|co
polissémico	adjetivo	po|lis|[sé]|mi|co
polissépalo	adjetivo	po|lis|[sé]|pa|lo
polisserosite	nome feminino	po|lis|se|ro|[si]|te
polissialia	nome feminino	po|lis|si|a|[li]|a
polissiálico	adjetivo	po|lis|si|[á]|li|co
polissifónia	nome feminino	po|lis|si|[fó]|ni|a
polissifônia	nome feminino	po|lis|si|[fô]|ni|a
polissigma	nome masculino	po|lis|[sig]|ma
polissilábico	adjetivo	po|lis|si|[lá]|bi|co
polissilabismo	nome masculino	po|lis|si|la|[bis]|mo
polissílabo	adjetivo	po|lis|[sí]|la|bo
polissílabo	nome masculino	po|lis|[sí]|la|bo
polissilogismo	nome masculino	po|lis|si|lo|[gis]|mo
