poule	nome feminino	[pou]|le
poulo	nome masculino	[pou]|lo
poupa	nome feminino	[pou]|pa
poupado	adjetivo	pou|[pa]|do
poupador	adjetivo	pou|pa|[dor]
poupador	nome masculino	pou|pa|[dor]
poupança	nome feminino	pou|[pan]|ça
poupão	nome masculino	pou|[pão]
poupar	verbo	pou|[par]
poupável	adjetivo	pou|[pá]|vel
poupinha	nome feminino	pou|[pi]|nha
poupudo	adjetivo	pou|[pu]|do
pouquidade	nome feminino	pou|qui|[da]|de
pouquidão	nome feminino	pou|qui|[dão]
pouquinho	advérbio	pou|[qui]|nho
pouquinho	nome masculino	pou|[qui]|nho
pouquíssimo	adjetivo	pou|[quís]|si|mo
pourboire	nome masculino	pour|boi|re
pousa	nome feminino	[pou]|sa
pousa-foles	nome masculino	pou|sa-fo|les
pousada	nome feminino	pou|[sa]|da
pousadeira	nome feminino	pou|sa|[dei]|ra
pousadeiro	nome masculino	pou|sa|[dei]|ro
pousadia	nome feminino	pou|sa|[di]|a
pousado	nome masculino	pou|[sa]|do
pousador	nome masculino	pou|sa|[dor]
pousadouro	nome masculino	pou|sa|[dou]|ro
pousagem	nome feminino	pou|[sa]|gem
pousamoura	nome feminino	pou|sa|[mou]|ra
pousar	verbo	pou|[sar]
pouseira	nome feminino	pou|[sei]|ra
pouseiro	adjetivo	pou|[sei]|ro
pouseiro	nome masculino	pou|[sei]|ro
pousia	nome feminino	pou|[si]|a
pousinho	nome masculino	pou|[si]|nho
pousio	nome masculino	pou|[si]|o
pouso	nome masculino	[pou]|so
pouso-alegrense	adjetivo	pou|so-a|le|[gren]|se
pouso-alegrense	nome masculino	pou|so-a|le|[gren]|se
pouso-alegrense	nome feminino	pou|so-a|le|[gren]|se
pouta	nome feminino	[pou]|ta
poutada	nome feminino	pou|[ta]|da
poutão	nome masculino	pou|[tão]
poutar	verbo	pou|[tar]
povaréu	nome masculino	po|va|[réu]
poveira	nome feminino	po|[vei]|ra
poveiro	adjetivo	po|[vei]|ro
poveiro	nome masculino	po|[vei]|ro
poviléu	nome masculino	po|vi|[léu]
povilhal	nome masculino	po|vi|[lhal]
povinho	nome masculino	po|[vi]|nho
povo	nome masculino	[po]|vo
póvoa	nome feminino	[pó]|vo|a
povoação	nome feminino	po|vo|a|[ção]
povoacence	adjetivo	po|vo|a|[cen]|ce
povoacence	nome masculino	po|vo|a|[cen]|ce
povoacence	nome feminino	po|vo|a|[cen]|ce
povoacense	adjetivo	po|vo|a|[cen]|se
povoacense	nome masculino	po|vo|a|[cen]|se
povoacense	nome feminino	po|vo|a|[cen]|se
povoado	nome masculino	po|vo|[a]|do
povoado	adjetivo	po|vo|[a]|do
povoador	adjetivo	po|vo|a|[dor]
povoador	nome masculino	po|vo|a|[dor]
povoadora	nome feminino	po|vo|a|[do]|ra
povoamento	nome masculino	po|vo|a|[men]|to
povoar	verbo	po|vo|[ar]
povoável	adjetivo	po|vo|[á]|vel
povoeira	nome feminino	po|vo|[ei]|ra
povoense	adjetivo	po|vo|[en]|se
povoense	nome masculino	po|vo|[en]|se
povoense	nome feminino	po|vo|[en]|se
povoléu	nome masculino	po|vo|[léu]
pozinho	nome masculino	po|[zi]|nho
pozinhos	nome masculino	po|[zi]|nhos
pozolana	nome feminino	po|zo|[la]|na
pozolânico	adjetivo	po|zo|[lâ]|ni|co
pozolite	nome feminino	po|zo|[li]|te
praça	nome masculino	[pra]|ça
praça	nome feminino	[pra]|ça
praça-forte	nome feminino	pra|ça-for|te
pracear	verbo	pra|ce|[ar]
praceiramente	advérbio	pra|cei|ra|[men]|te
praceiro	adjetivo	pra|[cei]|ro
pracejar	verbo	pra|ce|[jar]
praceta	nome feminino	pra|[ce]|ta
pracista	nome masculino	pra|[cis]|ta
pracista	nome feminino	pra|[cis]|ta
pracrítico	adjetivo	pra|[crí]|ti|co
pracritismo	nome masculino	pra|cri|[tis]|mo
prácrito	nome masculino	[prá]|cri|to
practor	nome masculino	prac|[tor]
pracuuba	nome feminino	pra|cu|[u]|ba
pracuubal	nome masculino	pra|cu|u|[bal]
pradaria	nome feminino	pra|da|[ri]|a
pradejar	verbo	pra|de|[jar]
prado	nome masculino	[pra]|do
pradoso	adjetivo	pra|[do]|so
praga	nome feminino	[pra]|ga
pragal	nome masculino	pra|[gal]
