precaridade	nome feminino	pre|ca|ri|[da]|de
precariedade	nome feminino	pre|ca|ri|e|[da]|de
precário	adjetivo	pre|[cá]|ri|o
preçário	nome masculino	pre|[çá]|ri|o
precarização	nome feminino	pre|ca|ri|za|[ção]
precarizar	verbo	pre|ca|ri|[zar]
precatadamente	advérbio	pre|ca|ta|da|[men]|te
precatado	adjetivo	pre|ca|[ta]|do
precatar	verbo	pre|ca|[tar]
precate	nome masculino	pre|[ca]|te
precativo	adjetivo	pre|ca|[ti]|vo
precatória	nome feminino	pre|ca|[tó]|ri|a
precatoriamente	advérbio	pre|ca|to|ri|a|[men]|te
precatório	adjetivo	pre|ca|[tó]|ri|o
precatório	nome masculino	pre|ca|[tó]|ri|o
precaução	nome feminino	pre|cau|[ção]
precaucionado	adjetivo	pre|cau|ci|o|[na]|do
precaucional	adjetivo	pre|cau|ci|o|[nal]
precaucionar	verbo	pre|cau|ci|o|[nar]
precaucioso	adjetivo	pre|cau|ci|[o]|so
precautelar	verbo	pre|cau|te|[lar]
precautório	adjetivo	pre|cau|[tó]|ri|o
precaver	verbo	pre|ca|[ver]
precavidamente	advérbio	pre|ca|vi|da|[men]|te
precavido	adjetivo	pre|ca|[vi]|do
prece	nome feminino	[pre]|ce
precedência	nome feminino	pre|ce|[dên]|ci|a
precedente	adjetivo	pre|ce|[den]|te
precedente	nome masculino	pre|ce|[den]|te
precedentemente	advérbio	pre|ce|den|te|[men]|te
preceder	verbo	pre|ce|[der]
precedido	adjetivo	pre|ce|[di]|do
preceito	nome masculino	pre|[cei]|to
preceitor	adjetivo	pre|cei|[tor]
preceitor	nome masculino	pre|cei|[tor]
preceituação	nome feminino	pre|cei|tu|a|[ção]
preceituado	adjetivo	pre|cei|tu|[a]|do
preceituador	adjetivo	pre|cei|tu|a|[dor]
preceituador	nome masculino	pre|cei|tu|a|[dor]
preceituar	verbo	pre|cei|tu|[ar]
preceituário	nome masculino	pre|cei|tu|[á]|ri|o
preceituável	adjetivo	pre|cei|tu|[á]|vel
preceituoso	adjetivo	pre|cei|tu|[o]|so
precentor	nome masculino	pre|cen|[tor]
preceptista	nome masculino	pre|cep|[tis]|ta
preceptista	nome feminino	pre|cep|[tis]|ta
preceptivamente	advérbio	pre|cep|ti|va|[men]|te
preceptivo	adjetivo	pre|cep|[ti]|vo
preceptor	nome masculino	pre|cep|[tor]
preceptora	nome feminino	pre|cep|[to]|ra
preceptorado	nome masculino	pre|cep|to|[ra]|do
preceptoral	adjetivo	pre|cep|to|[ral]
preceptoria	nome feminino	pre|cep|to|[ri]|a
preceptorial	adjetivo	pre|cep|to|ri|[al]
precessão	nome feminino	pre|ces|[são]
precetista	nome masculino	pre|ce|[tis]|ta
precetista	nome feminino	pre|ce|[tis]|ta
precetivamente	advérbio	pre|ce|ti|va|[men]|te
precetivo	adjetivo	pre|ce|[ti]|vo
precetor	nome masculino	pre|ce|[tor]
precetora	nome feminino	pre|ce|[to]|ra
precetorado	nome masculino	pre|ce|to|[ra]|do
precetoral	adjetivo	pre|ce|to|[ral]
precetoria	nome feminino	pre|ce|to|[ri]|a
precetorial	adjetivo	pre|ce|to|ri|[al]
précia	nome feminino	[pré]|ci|a
preciano	adjetivo	pre|ci|[a]|no
precidâneo	adjetivo	pre|ci|[dâ]|ne|o
precificar	verbo	pre|ci|fi|[car]
precinção	nome feminino	pre|cin|[ção]
precingir	verbo	pre|cin|[gir]
precinta	nome feminino	pre|[cin]|ta
precintar	verbo	pre|cin|[tar]
precinto	nome masculino	pre|[cin]|to
preciosa	nome feminino	pre|ci|[o]|sa
preciosamente	advérbio	pre|ci|o|sa|[men]|te
preciosidade	nome feminino	pre|ci|o|si|[da]|de
preciosismo	nome masculino	pre|ci|o|[sis]|mo
preciosista	adjetivo	pre|ci|o|[sis]|ta
preciosista	nome masculino	pre|ci|o|[sis]|ta
preciosista	nome feminino	pre|ci|o|[sis]|ta
preciosístico	adjetivo	pre|ci|o|[sís]|ti|co
precioso	adjetivo	pre|ci|[o]|so
precipício	nome masculino	pre|ci|[pí]|ci|o
precipitação	nome feminino	pre|ci|pi|ta|[ção]
precipitada	nome feminino	pre|ci|pi|[ta]|da
precipitadamente	advérbio	pre|ci|pi|ta|da|[men]|te
precipitado	adjetivo	pre|ci|pi|[ta]|do
precipitado	nome masculino	pre|ci|pi|[ta]|do
precipitante	nome masculino	pre|ci|pi|[tan]|te
precipitante	adjetivo	pre|ci|pi|[tan]|te
precipitar	verbo	pre|ci|pi|[tar]
precipitável	adjetivo	pre|ci|pi|[tá]|vel
precípite	adjetivo	pre|[cí]|pi|te
precipitina	nome feminino	pre|ci|pi|[ti]|na
precipitosamente	advérbio	pre|ci|pi|to|sa|[men]|te
precipitoso	adjetivo	pre|ci|pi|[to]|so
precipuamente	advérbio	pre|ci|pu|a|[men]|te
precípuo	nome masculino	pre|[cí]|pu|o
precípuo	adjetivo	pre|[cí]|pu|o
