prega	nome feminino	[pre]|ga
pregação	nome feminino	pre|ga|[ção]
pregadeira	nome feminino	pre|ga|[dei]|ra
pregadiço	adjetivo	pre|ga|[di]|ço
pregado	nome masculino	pre|[ga]|do
pregado	adjetivo	pre|[ga]|do
pregador	adjetivo	pre|ga|[dor]
pregador	nome masculino	pre|ga|[dor]
pregadora	nome feminino	pre|ga|[do]|ra
pregadura	nome feminino	pre|ga|[du]|ra
pregagem	nome feminino	pre|[ga]|gem
pregalhar	verbo	pre|ga|[lhar]
pregalhas	nome feminino	pre|[ga]|lhas
pregalho	nome masculino	pre|[ga]|lho
pregamento	nome masculino	pre|ga|[men]|to
pregante	nome masculino	pre|[gan]|te
pregão	nome masculino	pre|[gão]
pregar	verbo	pre|[gar]
pregareta	nome feminino	pre|ga|[re]|ta
pregaria	nome feminino	pre|ga|[ri]|a
pregável	adjetivo	pre|[gá]|vel
pregnância	nome feminino	preg|[nân]|ci|a
prego	nome masculino	[pre]|go
pregoar	verbo	pre|go|[ar]
pregoeiro	nome masculino	pre|go|[ei]|ro
pregoeiro	adjetivo	pre|go|[ei]|ro
pregos-de-ouro	nome masculino	pre|gos-de-ou|ro
pregresso	adjetivo	pre|[gres]|so
prégua	nome feminino	[pré]|gua
pregueadeira	nome feminino	pre|gue|a|[dei]|ra
pregueado	nome masculino	pre|gue|[a]|do
pregueado	adjetivo	pre|gue|[a]|do
pregueador	nome masculino	pre|gue|a|[dor]
preguear	verbo	pre|gue|[ar]
pregueiro	adjetivo	pre|[guei]|ro
pregueiro	nome masculino	pre|[guei]|ro
preguete	nome masculino	pre|[gue]|te
preguiça	nome feminino	pre|[gui]|ça
preguiçar	verbo	pre|gui|[çar]
preguiceira	nome feminino	pre|gui|[cei]|ra
preguiceiro	adjetivo	pre|gui|[cei]|ro
preguiceiro	nome masculino	pre|gui|[cei]|ro
preguicento	adjetivo	pre|gui|[cen]|to
preguiçosa	nome feminino	pre|gui|[ço]|sa
preguiçosamente	advérbio	pre|gui|ço|sa|[men]|te
preguiçoso	adjetivo	pre|gui|[ço]|so
preguiçoso	nome masculino	pre|gui|[ço]|so
preguista	nome masculino	pre|[guis]|ta
preguista	nome feminino	pre|[guis]|ta
pregunta	nome feminino	pre|[gun]|ta
preguntar	verbo	pre|gun|[tar]
pregustação	nome feminino	pre|gus|ta|[ção]
pregustador	nome masculino	pre|gus|ta|[dor]
pregustar	verbo	pre|gus|[tar]
prehnita	nome feminino	preh|[ni]|ta
prehnite	nome feminino	preh|[ni]|te
preia	nome feminino	[prei]|a
preia-mar	nome feminino	prei|a-mar
preiteamento	nome masculino	prei|te|a|[men]|to
preiteante	adjetivo	prei|te|[an]|te
preitear	verbo	prei|te|[ar]
preitejar	verbo	prei|te|[jar]
preitês	adjetivo	prei|[tês]
preitesia	nome feminino	prei|te|[si]|a
preito	nome masculino	[prei]|to
prejereba	nome feminino	pre|je|[re]|ba
prejudicada	nome feminino	pre|ju|di|[ca]|da
prejudicado	adjetivo	pre|ju|di|[ca]|do
prejudicado	nome masculino	pre|ju|di|[ca]|do
prejudicador	adjetivo	pre|ju|di|ca|[dor]
prejudicador	nome masculino	pre|ju|di|ca|[dor]
prejudicante	adjetivo	pre|ju|di|[can]|te
prejudicar	verbo	pre|ju|di|[car]
prejudicável	adjetivo	pre|ju|di|[cá]|vel
prejudicial	adjetivo	pre|ju|di|ci|[al]
prejudicialmente	advérbio	pre|ju|di|ci|al|[men]|te
prejuízo	nome masculino	pre|ju|[í]|zo
prejulgar	verbo	pre|jul|[gar]
prelação	nome feminino	pre|la|[ção]
prelacia	nome feminino	pre|la|[ci]|a
prelacial	adjetivo	pre|la|ci|[al]
prelaciar	verbo	pre|la|ci|[ar]
prelada	nome feminino	pre|[la]|da
preladia	nome feminino	pre|la|[di]|a
prelado	nome masculino	pre|[la]|do
prelatício	adjetivo	pre|la|[tí]|ci|o
prelativo	adjetivo	pre|la|[ti]|vo
prelatura	nome feminino	pre|la|[tu]|ra
prelazia	nome feminino	pre|la|[zi]|a
preleção	nome feminino	pre|le|[ção]
prelecionador	adjetivo	pre|le|ci|o|na|[dor]
prelecionador	nome masculino	pre|le|ci|o|na|[dor]
prelecionar	verbo	pre|le|ci|o|[nar]
prelecionista	nome masculino	pre|le|ci|o|[nis]|ta
prelecionista	nome feminino	pre|le|ci|o|[nis]|ta
preletor	nome masculino	pre|le|[tor]
preletorado	nome masculino	pre|le|to|[ra]|do
prelevar	verbo	pre|le|[var]
prelibação	nome feminino	pre|li|ba|[ção]
prelibador	adjetivo	pre|li|ba|[dor]
