prelibador	nome masculino	pre|li|ba|[dor]
prelibar	verbo	pre|li|[bar]
preliminar	adjetivo	pre|li|mi|[nar]
preliminar	nome masculino	pre|li|mi|[nar]
preliminar	nome feminino	pre|li|mi|[nar]
preliminarmente	advérbio	pre|li|mi|nar|[men]|te
prelimitar	verbo	pre|li|mi|[tar]
prélio	nome masculino	[pré]|li|o
prelista	nome masculino	pre|[lis]|ta
prelista	nome feminino	pre|[lis]|ta
prelo	nome masculino	[pre]|lo
prelucidação	nome feminino	pre|lu|ci|da|[ção]
prelúcido	adjetivo	pre|[lú]|ci|do
preludial	adjetivo	pre|lu|di|[al]
preludiar	verbo	pre|lu|di|[ar]
prelúdio	nome masculino	pre|[lú]|di|o
preluzente	adjetivo	pre|lu|[zen]|te
preluzir	verbo	pre|lu|[zir]
prema	nome feminino	[pre]|ma
premar	verbo	pre|[mar]
prematuração	nome feminino	pre|ma|tu|ra|[ção]
prematuramente	advérbio	pre|ma|tu|ra|[men]|te
prematuridade	nome feminino	pre|ma|tu|ri|[da]|de
prematuro	nome masculino	pre|ma|[tu]|ro
prematuro	adjetivo	pre|ma|[tu]|ro
premaxilar	nome masculino	pre|ma|xi|[lar]
premedeira	nome feminino	pre|me|[dei]|ra
premeditação	nome feminino	pre|me|di|ta|[ção]
premeditadamente	advérbio	pre|me|di|ta|da|[men]|te
premeditado	adjetivo	pre|me|di|[ta]|do
premeditar	verbo	pre|me|di|[tar]
premência	nome feminino	pre|[mên]|ci|a
premente	adjetivo	pre|[men]|te
premer	verbo	pre|[mer]
premiação	nome feminino	pre|mi|a|[ção]
premiadíssimo	adjetivo	pre|mi|a|[dís]|si|mo
premiado	nome masculino	pre|mi|[a]|do
premiado	adjetivo	pre|mi|[a]|do
premiador	adjetivo	pre|mi|a|[dor]
premiador	nome masculino	pre|mi|a|[dor]
premiar	verbo	pre|mi|[ar]
premiativo	adjetivo	pre|mi|a|[ti]|vo
premiável	adjetivo	pre|mi|[á]|vel
première	nome feminino	pre|miè|re
preminente	adjetivo	pre|mi|[nen]|te
prémio	nome masculino	[pré]|mi|o
prêmio	nome masculino	[prê]|mi|o
premir	verbo	pre|[mir]
premissa	nome feminino	pre|[mis]|sa
premoção	nome feminino	pre|mo|[ção]
premonição	nome feminino	pre|mo|ni|[ção]
premonitoriamente	advérbio	pre|mo|ni|to|ri|a|[men]|te
premonitório	adjetivo	pre|mo|ni|[tó]|ri|o
premonstratense	adjetivo	pre|mons|tra|[ten]|se
premonstratense	nome masculino	pre|mons|tra|[ten]|se
premorso	adjetivo	pre|[mor]|so
premunição	nome feminino	pre|mu|ni|[ção]
premunir	verbo	pre|mu|[nir]
premunitivo	adjetivo	pre|mu|ni|[ti]|vo
prenanto	nome masculino	pre|[nan]|to
prenda	nome feminino	[pren]|da
prendado	adjetivo	pren|[da]|do
prendar	verbo	pren|[dar]
prendedor	nome masculino	pren|de|[dor]
prender	verbo	pren|[der]
prendimento	nome masculino	pren|di|[men]|to
prendível	adjetivo	pren|[dí]|vel
prenestino	nome masculino	pre|nes|[ti]|no
prenestino	adjetivo	pre|nes|[ti]|no
prenhado	adjetivo	pre|[nha]|do
prenhe	adjetivo	[pre]|nhe
prenhez	nome feminino	pre|[nhez]
prenhidão	nome feminino	pre|nhi|[dão]
prenho	adjetivo	[pre]|nho
prenoção	nome feminino	pre|no|[ção]
prenome	nome masculino	pre|[no]|me
prenomeação	nome feminino	pre|no|me|a|[ção]
prenomear	verbo	pre|no|me|[ar]
prenominal	adjetivo	pre|no|mi|[nal]
prenominar	verbo	pre|no|mi|[nar]
prenotante	adjetivo	pre|no|[tan]|te
prenotar	verbo	pre|no|[tar]
prensa	nome feminino	[pren]|sa
prensada	nome feminino	pren|[sa]|da
prensado	adjetivo	pren|[sa]|do
prensador	adjetivo	pren|sa|[dor]
prensador	nome masculino	pren|sa|[dor]
prensagem	nome feminino	pren|[sa]|gem
prensar	verbo	pren|[sar]
prensista	nome masculino	pren|[sis]|ta
prensista	nome feminino	pren|[sis]|ta
prenunciação	nome feminino	pre|nun|ci|a|[ção]
prenunciador	adjetivo	pre|nun|ci|a|[dor]
prenunciador	nome masculino	pre|nun|ci|a|[dor]
prenunciar	verbo	pre|nun|ci|[ar]
prenunciativo	adjetivo	pre|nun|ci|a|[ti]|vo
prenúncio	nome masculino	pre|[nún]|ci|o
preocupação	nome feminino	pre|o|cu|pa|[ção]
preocupado	adjetivo	pre|o|cu|[pa]|do
preocupante	adjetivo	pre|o|cu|[pan]|te
