produzidor	nome masculino	pro|du|zi|[dor]
produzir	verbo	pro|du|[zir]
produzível	adjetivo	pro|du|[zí]|vel
proedria	nome feminino	pro|e|[dri]|a
proedro	nome masculino	pro|[e]|dro
proeiro	nome masculino	pro|[ei]|ro
proejar	verbo	pro|e|[jar]
proembrião	nome masculino	pro|em|bri|[ão]
proembrionário	adjetivo	pro|em|bri|o|[ná]|ri|o
proemial	adjetivo	pro|e|mi|[al]
proemiar	verbo	pro|e|mi|[ar]
proeminar	verbo	pro|e|mi|[nar]
proeminência	nome feminino	pro|e|mi|[nên]|ci|a
proeminente	adjetivo	pro|e|mi|[nen]|te
proeminentemente	advérbio	pro|e|mi|nen|te|[men]|te
proêmio	nome masculino	pro|[ê]|mi|o
proémio	nome masculino	pro|[é]|mi|o
proençal	adjetivo	pro|en|[çal]
proençal	nome masculino	pro|en|[çal]
proençal	nome feminino	pro|en|[çal]
proencefalia	nome feminino	pro|en|ce|fa|[li]|a
proencéfalo	nome masculino	pro|en|[cé]|fa|lo
proencense	adjetivo	pro|en|[cen]|se
proencense	nome masculino	pro|en|[cen]|se
proencense	nome feminino	pro|en|[cen]|se
proenzima	nome feminino	pro|en|[zi]|ma
proeza	nome feminino	pro|[e]|za
profaça	nome masculino	pro|[fa]|ça
profaçar	verbo	pro|fa|[çar]
profalange	nome feminino	pro|fa|[lan]|ge
profalangeal	adjetivo	pro|fa|lan|ge|[al]
profana	nome feminino	pro|[fa]|na
profanação	nome feminino	pro|fa|na|[ção]
profanado	adjetivo	pro|fa|[na]|do
profanador	adjetivo	pro|fa|na|[dor]
profanador	nome masculino	pro|fa|na|[dor]
profanadora	nome feminino	pro|fa|na|[do]|ra
profanamente	advérbio	pro|fa|na|[men]|te
profanante	adjetivo	pro|fa|[nan]|te
profanar	verbo	pro|fa|[nar]
profanável	adjetivo	pro|fa|[ná]|vel
profanete	adjetivo	pro|fa|[ne]|te
profanidade	nome feminino	pro|fa|ni|[da]|de
profano	nome masculino	pro|[fa]|no
profano	adjetivo	pro|[fa]|no
prófase	nome feminino	[pró]|fa|se
profe	nome masculino	[pro]|fe
profe	nome feminino	[pro]|fe
profecia	nome feminino	pro|fe|[ci]|a
profectício	adjetivo	pro|fec|[tí]|ci|o
proferição	nome feminino	pro|fe|ri|[ção]
proferir	verbo	pro|fe|[rir]
proferível	adjetivo	pro|fe|[rí]|vel
profermento	nome masculino	pro|fer|[men]|to
professante	adjetivo	pro|fes|[san]|te
professante	nome masculino	pro|fes|[san]|te
professante	nome feminino	pro|fes|[san]|te
professar	verbo	pro|fes|[sar]
professável	adjetivo	pro|fes|[sá]|vel
professo	nome masculino	pro|[fes]|so
professo	adjetivo	pro|[fes]|so
professor	nome masculino	pro|fes|[sor]
professora	nome feminino	pro|fes|[so]|ra
professorado	nome masculino	pro|fes|so|[ra]|do
professoral	adjetivo	pro|fes|so|[ral]
professorando	nome masculino	pro|fes|so|[ran]|do
professorar	verbo	pro|fes|so|[rar]
profesto	adjetivo	pro|[fes]|to
profeta	nome masculino	pro|[fe]|ta
profetante	adjetivo	pro|fe|[tan]|te
profetar	verbo	pro|fe|[tar]
profeticamente	advérbio	pro|fe|ti|ca|[men]|te
profetício	adjetivo	pro|fe|[tí]|ci|o
profético	adjetivo	pro|[fé]|ti|co
profetisa	nome feminino	pro|fe|[ti]|sa
profetismo	nome masculino	pro|fe|[tis]|mo
profetista	adjetivo	pro|fe|[tis]|ta
profetista	nome masculino	pro|fe|[tis]|ta
profetista	nome feminino	pro|fe|[tis]|ta
profetizador	adjetivo	pro|fe|ti|za|[dor]
profetizador	nome masculino	pro|fe|ti|za|[dor]
profetizar	verbo	pro|fe|ti|[zar]
profetizável	adjetivo	pro|fe|ti|[zá]|vel
proficiência	nome feminino	pro|fi|ci|[ên]|ci|a
proficiente	adjetivo	pro|fi|ci|[en]|te
proficientemente	advérbio	pro|fi|ci|en|te|[men]|te
profício	nome masculino	pro|[fí]|ci|o
proficuamente	advérbio	pro|fi|cu|a|[men]|te
proficuidade	nome feminino	pro|fi|cui|[da]|de
profícuo	adjetivo	pro|[fí]|cu|o
profilacticamente	advérbio	pro|fi|lac|ti|ca|[men]|te
profiláctico	adjetivo	pro|fi|[lác]|ti|co
profilactismo	nome masculino	pro|fi|lac|[tis]|mo
profilaticamente	advérbio	pro|fi|la|ti|ca|[men]|te
profilático	adjetivo	pro|fi|[lá]|ti|co
profilatismo	nome masculino	pro|fi|la|[tis]|mo
profilaxia	nome feminino	pro|fi|la|[xi]|a
profilaxista	nome masculino	pro|fi|la|[xis]|ta
profilaxista	nome feminino	pro|fi|la|[xis]|ta
profissão	nome feminino	pro|fis|[são]
