pantim	nome masculino	pan|[tim]
pantiteísmo	nome masculino	pan|ti|te|[ís]|mo
pantiteísta	adjetivo	pan|ti|te|[ís]|ta
pantiteísta	nome masculino	pan|ti|te|[ís]|ta
pantiteísta	nome feminino	pan|ti|te|[ís]|ta
pantofagia	nome feminino	pan|to|fa|[gi]|a
pantófago	adjetivo	pan|[tó]|fa|go
pantófago	nome masculino	pan|[tó]|fa|go
pantofobia	nome feminino	pan|to|fo|[bi]|a
pantófobo	adjetivo	pan|[tó]|fo|bo
pantófobo	nome masculino	pan|[tó]|fo|bo
pantogamia	nome feminino	pan|to|ga|[mi]|a
pantogâmico	adjetivo	pan|to|[gâ]|mi|co
pantografia	nome feminino	pan|to|gra|[fi]|a
pantográfico	adjetivo	pan|to|[grá]|fi|co
pantógrafo	nome masculino	pan|[tó]|gra|fo
pantólogo	nome masculino	pan|[tó]|lo|go
pantômetro	nome masculino	pan|[tô]|me|tro
pantómetro	nome masculino	pan|[tó]|me|tro
pantomima	nome feminino	pan|to|[mi]|ma
pantomimar	verbo	pan|to|mi|[mar]
pantomimeira	nome feminino	pan|to|mi|[mei]|ra
pantomimeiro	nome masculino	pan|to|mi|[mei]|ro
pantomimeiro	adjetivo	pan|to|mi|[mei]|ro
pantomimice	nome feminino	pan|to|mi|[mi]|ce
pantomímico	adjetivo	pan|to|[mí]|mi|co
pantomimo	nome masculino	pan|to|[mi]|mo
pantomina	nome feminino	pan|to|[mi]|na
pantominar	verbo	pan|to|mi|[nar]
pantomineira	nome feminino	pan|to|mi|[nei]|ra
pantomineiro	nome masculino	pan|to|mi|[nei]|ro
pantomineiro	adjetivo	pan|to|mi|[nei]|ro
pantominice	nome feminino	pan|to|mi|[ni]|ce
pantopelágico	adjetivo	pan|to|pe|[lá]|gi|co
pantópiro	adjetivo	pan|[tó]|pi|ro
pantópode	nome masculino	pan|[tó]|po|de
pantóptero	adjetivo	pan|[tóp]|te|ro
pantoptose	nome feminino	pan|top|[to]|se
pantorrilha	nome feminino	pan|tor|[ri]|lha
pantoscópico	adjetivo	pan|tos|[có]|pi|co
pantoscópio	nome masculino	pan|tos|[có]|pi|o
pantouco	adjetivo	pan|[tou]|co
pantrigueira	nome feminino	pan|tri|[guei]|ra
pantufa	nome feminino	pan|[tu]|fa
pantufada	nome feminino	pan|tu|[fa]|da
pantufão	nome masculino	pan|tu|[fão]
pantufo	nome masculino	pan|[tu]|fo
panturra	nome feminino	pan|[tur]|ra
panúrgico	adjetivo	pa|[núr]|gi|co
panzaria	nome feminino	pan|za|[ri]|a
panzeiro	adjetivo	pan|[zei]|ro
panzootia	nome feminino	pan|zo|o|[ti]|a
panzoótico	adjetivo	pan|zo|[ó]|ti|co
pão	nome masculino	[pão]
pão de açúcar	nome masculino	pão de a|çú|car
pão de ló	nome masculino	pão de ló
pão por Deus	nome masculino	pão por Deus
pão-de-bugio	nome masculino	pão-de-bu|[gi]|o
pão-de-galo	nome masculino	pão-de-ga|lo
pão-de-leite	nome masculino	pão-de-lei|te
pão-de-passarinho	nome masculino	pão-de-pas|sa|[ri]|nho
pão-do-chile	nome masculino	pão-do-chi|le
pão-duro	adjetivo	pão-du|ro
pão-duro	nome masculino	pão-du|ro
pão-duro	nome feminino	pão-du|ro
pão-e-queijo	nome masculino	pão-e-quei|jo
pão-leve	nome masculino	pão-le|ve
pão-podre	nome masculino	pão-po|dre
pão-porcino	nome masculino	pão-por|[ci]|no
pão-posto	nome masculino	pão-pos|to
pãozeiro	nome masculino	[pão]|zei|ro
pãozeiro	adjetivo	[pão]|zei|ro
pãozinho	nome masculino	pão|[zi]|nho
papa	nome feminino	[pa]|pa
papá	nome masculino	pa|[pá]
papa-abelhas	nome masculino	pa|pa-a|[be]|lhas
papa-açorda	nome masculino	pa|pa-a|[çor]|da
papa-açorda	nome feminino	pa|pa-a|[çor]|da
papa-amoras	nome masculino	pa|pa-a|[mo]|ras
papa-arroz	nome masculino	pa|pa-ar|[roz]
papa-capim	nome masculino	pa|pa-ca|[pim]
papa-figo	nome masculino	pa|pa-fi|go
papa-figos	nome masculino	pa|pa-fi|gos
papa-fina	adjetivo	pa|pa-fi|na
papa-fina	nome masculino	pa|pa-fi|na
papa-fina	nome feminino	pa|pa-fi|na
papa-formigas	nome masculino	pa|pa-for|[mi]|gas
papa-formigas	nome feminino	pa|pa-for|[mi]|gas
papa-gente	nome masculino	pa|pa-gen|te
papa-gente	nome feminino	pa|pa-gen|te
papa-hóstias	nome masculino	pa|pa-hós|ti|as
papa-hóstias	nome feminino	pa|pa-hós|ti|as
papa-jantares	nome masculino	pa|pa-jan|[ta]|res
papa-jantares	nome feminino	pa|pa-jan|[ta]|res
papa-jerimum	adjetivo	pa|pa-je|ri|[mum]
papa-jerimum	nome masculino	pa|pa-je|ri|[mum]
papa-jerimum	nome feminino	pa|pa-je|ri|[mum]
papa-la-berça	nome feminino	pa|pa-la-ber|ça
papa-léguas	nome masculino	pa|pa-lé|guas
papa-léguas	nome feminino	pa|pa-lé|guas
