proscritor	adjetivo	pros|cri|[tor]
proscritor	nome masculino	pros|cri|[tor]
prosear	verbo	pro|se|[ar]
proseirão	nome masculino	pro|sei|[rão]
proselítico	adjetivo	pro|se|[lí]|ti|co
proselitismo	nome masculino	pro|se|li|[tis]|mo
proselitista	adjetivo	pro|se|li|[tis]|ta
prosélito	nome masculino	pro|[sé]|li|to
prosênquima	nome masculino	pro|[sên]|qui|ma
proserpínia	nome feminino	pro|ser|[pí]|ni|a
prósfise	nome feminino	[prós]|fi|se
prosfisiectomia	nome feminino	pros|fi|si|ec|to|[mi]|a
prosfisiectômico	adjetivo	pros|fi|si|ec|[tô]|mi|co
prosfisiectómico	adjetivo	pros|fi|si|ec|[tó]|mi|co
prósico	adjetivo	[pró]|si|co
prosificação	nome feminino	pro|si|fi|ca|[ção]
prosificar	verbo	pro|si|fi|[car]
prosista	nome masculino	pro|[sis]|ta
prosista	nome feminino	pro|[sis]|ta
proslambanômeno	nome masculino	pros|lam|ba|[nô]|me|no
proslambanómeno	nome masculino	pros|lam|ba|[nó]|me|no
prosma	nome feminino	[pros]|ma
prosmeiro	adjetivo	pros|[mei]|ro
prosmeiro	nome masculino	pros|[mei]|ro
prosmice	nome feminino	pros|[mi]|ce
prosobrânquio	nome masculino	pro|so|[brân]|qui|o
prosobrânquio	adjetivo	pro|so|[brân]|qui|o
prosódia	nome feminino	pro|[só]|di|a
prosodicamente	advérbio	pro|so|di|ca|[men]|te
prosódico	adjetivo	pro|[só]|di|co
prosodista	nome masculino	pro|so|[dis]|ta
prosodista	nome feminino	pro|so|[dis]|ta
prosonímia	nome feminino	pro|so|[ní]|mi|a
prosonímico	adjetivo	pro|so|[ní]|mi|co
prosônimo	nome masculino	pro|[sô]|ni|mo
prosónimo	nome masculino	pro|[só]|ni|mo
prosonomásia	nome feminino	pro|so|no|[má]|si|a
prosopagnosia	nome feminino	pro|so|pag|no|[si]|a
prosopalgia	nome feminino	pro|so|pal|[gi]|a
prosopálgico	adjetivo	pro|so|[pál]|gi|co
prosópide	nome feminino	pro|[só]|pi|de
prosópio	nome masculino	pro|[só]|pi|o
prosopite	nome feminino	pro|so|[pi]|te
prosopografia	nome feminino	pro|so|po|gra|[fi]|a
prosopográfico	adjetivo	pro|so|po|[grá]|fi|co
prosopologia	nome feminino	pro|so|po|lo|[gi]|a
prosopopaico	adjetivo	pro|so|po|[pai]|co
prosopopeia	nome feminino	pro|so|po|[pei]|a
prosopopeico	adjetivo	pro|so|po|[pei]|co
prospálcio	adjetivo	pros|[pál]|ci|o
prospálcio	nome masculino	pros|[pál]|ci|o
prospeção	nome feminino	pros|pe|[ção]
prospecção	nome feminino	pros|pec|[ção]
prospectar	verbo	pros|pec|[tar]
prospectiva	nome feminino	pros|pec|[ti]|va
prospectivo	adjetivo	pros|pec|[ti]|vo
prospecto	nome masculino	pros|[pec]|to
prospector	nome masculino	pros|pec|[tor]
prospectora	nome feminino	pros|pec|[to]|ra
prosperador	adjetivo	pros|pe|ra|[dor]
prosperamente	advérbio	pros|pe|ra|[men]|te
prosperante	adjetivo	pros|pe|[ran]|te
prosperar	verbo	pros|pe|[rar]
prosperidade	nome feminino	pros|pe|ri|[da]|de
prosperina	nome feminino	pros|pe|[ri]|na
próspero	adjetivo	[prós]|pe|ro
prosperrimamente	advérbio	pros|per|ri|ma|[men]|te
prospérrimo	adjetivo	pros|[pér]|ri|mo
prospetar	verbo	pros|pe|[tar]
prospetiva	nome feminino	pros|pe|[ti]|va
prospetivo	adjetivo	pros|pe|[ti]|vo
prospeto	nome masculino	pros|[pe]|to
prospetor	nome masculino	pros|pe|[tor]
prospetora	nome feminino	pros|pe|[to]|ra
prossector	nome masculino	pros|sec|[tor]
prossectorado	nome masculino	pros|sec|to|[ra]|do
prossecução	nome feminino	pros|se|cu|[ção]
prossecutivo	adjetivo	pros|se|cu|[ti]|vo
prossecutor	adjetivo	pros|se|cu|[tor]
prossecutor	nome masculino	pros|se|cu|[tor]
prosseguição	nome feminino	pros|se|gui|[ção]
prosseguidor	adjetivo	pros|se|gui|[dor]
prosseguidor	nome masculino	pros|se|gui|[dor]
prosseguidora	nome feminino	pros|se|gui|[do]|ra
prosseguimento	nome masculino	pros|se|gui|[men]|to
prosseguir	verbo	pros|se|[guir]
prossetor	nome masculino	pros|se|[tor]
prossilogismo	nome masculino	pros|si|lo|[gis]|mo
prossilogístico	adjetivo	pros|si|lo|[gís]|ti|co
prossupor	verbo	pros|su|[por]
prostaglandina	nome feminino	pros|ta|glan|[di]|na
próstase	nome feminino	[prós]|ta|se
próstata	nome feminino	[prós]|ta|ta
prostatalgia	nome feminino	pros|ta|tal|[gi]|a
prostatálgico	adjetivo	pros|ta|[tál]|gi|co
prostatectomia	nome feminino	pros|ta|tec|to|[mi]|a
prostatectômico	adjetivo	pros|ta|tec|[tô]|mi|co
prostatectómico	adjetivo	pros|ta|tec|[tó]|mi|co
prostático	adjetivo	pros|[tá]|ti|co
prostatismo	nome masculino	pros|ta|[tis]|mo
