prostatite	nome feminino	pros|ta|[ti]|te
prostatocele	nome feminino	pros|ta|to|[ce]|le
prostatólito	nome masculino	pros|ta|[tó]|li|to
prostatomonose	nome feminino	pros|ta|to|mo|[no]|se
prostatopéctico	adjetivo	pros|ta|to|[péc]|ti|co
prostatopético	adjetivo	pros|ta|to|[pé]|ti|co
prostatopexia	nome feminino	pros|ta|to|pe|[xi]|a
prostatorreia	nome feminino	pros|ta|tor|[rei]|a
prostatorreico	adjetivo	pros|ta|tor|[rei]|co
prostatotomia	nome feminino	pros|ta|to|to|[mi]|a
prostatotômico	adjetivo	pros|ta|to|[tô]|mi|co
prostatotómico	adjetivo	pros|ta|to|[tó]|mi|co
prosternação	nome feminino	pros|ter|na|[ção]
prosternal	adjetivo	pros|ter|[nal]
prosternamento	nome masculino	pros|ter|na|[men]|to
prosternar	verbo	pros|ter|[nar]
prosterno	nome masculino	pros|[ter]|no
próstese	nome feminino	[prós]|te|se
prosteticamente	advérbio	pros|te|ti|ca|[men]|te
prostético	adjetivo	pros|[té]|ti|co
prostibular	adjetivo	pros|ti|bu|[lar]
prostibulário	nome masculino	pros|ti|bu|[lá]|ri|o
prostíbulo	nome masculino	pros|[tí]|bu|lo
prostilo	nome masculino	pros|[ti]|lo
prostituição	nome feminino	pros|ti|tu|i|[ção]
prostituído	adjetivo	pros|ti|tu|[í]|do
prostituidor	adjetivo	pros|ti|tu|i|[dor]
prostituidor	nome masculino	pros|ti|tu|i|[dor]
prostituidora	nome feminino	pros|ti|tu|i|[do]|ra
prostituir	verbo	pros|ti|tu|[ir]
prostituível	adjetivo	pros|ti|tu|[í]|vel
prostituta	nome feminino	pros|ti|[tu]|ta
prostituto	nome masculino	pros|ti|[tu]|to
prostomídeo	nome masculino	pros|to|[mí]|de|o
prostômio	adjetivo	pros|[tô]|mi|o
prostômio	nome masculino	pros|[tô]|mi|o
prostómio	adjetivo	pros|[tó]|mi|o
prostómio	nome masculino	pros|[tó]|mi|o
próstomo	nome masculino	[prós]|to|mo
prostração	nome feminino	pros|tra|[ção]
prostrado	adjetivo	pros|[tra]|do
prostrador	adjetivo	pros|tra|[dor]
prostramento	nome masculino	pros|tra|[men]|to
prostrar	verbo	pros|[trar]
prostrável	adjetivo	pros|[trá]|vel
protactínio	nome masculino	pro|tac|[tí]|ni|o
protagão	nome masculino	pro|ta|[gão]
protagonismo	nome masculino	pro|ta|go|[nis]|mo
protagonista	nome masculino	pro|ta|go|[nis]|ta
protagonista	adjetivo	pro|ta|go|[nis]|ta
protagonista	nome feminino	pro|ta|go|[nis]|ta
protagonizar	verbo	pro|ta|go|ni|[zar]
protalífero	adjetivo	pro|ta|[lí]|fe|ro
protalo	nome masculino	pro|[ta]|lo
protandria	nome feminino	pro|tan|[dri]|a
protândrico	adjetivo	pro|[tân]|dri|co
protanopia	nome feminino	pro|ta|no|[pi]|a
protão	nome masculino	pro|[tão]
protargol	nome masculino	pro|tar|[gol]
protársico	adjetivo	pro|[tár]|si|co
protarso	nome masculino	pro|[tar]|so
prótase	nome feminino	[pró]|ta|se
protático	adjetivo	pro|[tá]|ti|co
prótea	nome feminino	[pró]|te|a
proteácea	nome feminino	pro|te|[á]|ce|a
proteáceo	adjetivo	pro|te|[á]|ce|o
protéase	nome feminino	pro|[té]|a|se
proteção	nome feminino	pro|te|[ção]
protecional	adjetivo	pro|te|ci|o|[nal]
protecionismo	nome masculino	pro|te|ci|o|[nis]|mo
protecionista	adjetivo	pro|te|ci|o|[nis]|ta
protecionista	nome masculino	pro|te|ci|o|[nis]|ta
protecionista	nome feminino	pro|te|ci|o|[nis]|ta
protectoderme	nome feminino	pro|tec|to|[der]|me
protegedor	adjetivo	pro|te|ge|[dor]
protegedor	nome masculino	pro|te|ge|[dor]
protegente	adjetivo	pro|te|[gen]|te
proteger	verbo	pro|te|[ger]
protegida	nome feminino	pro|te|[gi]|da
protegido	adjetivo	pro|te|[gi]|do
protegido	nome masculino	pro|te|[gi]|do
protegível	adjetivo	pro|te|[gí]|vel
proteico	adjetivo	pro|[tei]|co
proteídeo	nome masculino	pro|te|[í]|de|o
proteído	nome masculino	pro|te|[í]|do
proteiforme	adjetivo	pro|tei|[for]|me
proteína	nome feminino	pro|te|[í]|na
proteínico	adjetivo	pro|te|[í]|ni|co
proteinúria	nome feminino	pro|tei|[nú]|ri|a
proteinuria	nome feminino	pro|tei|nu|[ri]|a
proteísmo	nome masculino	pro|te|[ís]|mo
protelação	nome feminino	pro|te|la|[ção]
protelado	adjetivo	pro|te|[la]|do
protelador	adjetivo	pro|te|la|[dor]
protelador	nome masculino	pro|te|la|[dor]
proteladora	nome feminino	pro|te|la|[do]|ra
protelamento	nome masculino	pro|te|la|[men]|to
protelar	verbo	pro|te|[lar]
protelatório	adjetivo	pro|te|la|[tó]|ri|o
protelável	adjetivo	pro|te|[lá]|vel
