protogaláxia	nome feminino	pro|to|ga|[lá]|xi|a
protógamo	adjetivo	pro|[tó]|ga|mo
protógeno	nome masculino	pro|[tó]|ge|no
protoginia	nome feminino	pro|to|gi|[ni]|a
protogínico	adjetivo	pro|to|[gí]|ni|co
protógino	adjetivo	pro|[tó]|gi|no
protolécito	nome masculino	pro|to|[lé]|ci|to
protolíngua	nome feminino	pro|to|[lín]|gua
protólise	nome feminino	pro|[tó]|li|se
protolitionite	nome feminino	pro|to|li|ti|o|[ni]|te
protomártir	nome masculino	pro|to|[már]|tir
protomedicato	nome masculino	pro|to|me|di|[ca]|to
protomédico	nome masculino	pro|to|[mé]|di|co
protomista	nome masculino	pro|to|[mis]|ta
protón	nome masculino	pro|[tón]
protonauta	nome masculino	pro|to|[nau]|ta
protonefrídio	nome masculino	pro|to|ne|[frí]|di|o
protonema	nome masculino	pro|to|[ne]|ma
protoneurônio	nome masculino	pro|to|neu|[rô]|ni|o
protoneurónio	nome masculino	pro|to|neu|[ró]|ni|o
protónico	adjetivo	pro|[tó]|ni|co
protônico	adjetivo	pro|[tô]|ni|co
protonigromante	nome masculino	pro|to|ni|gro|[man]|te
protonotariado	nome masculino	pro|to|no|ta|ri|[a]|do
protonotário	nome masculino	pro|to|no|[tá]|ri|o
protopapa	nome masculino	pro|to|[pa]|pa
protopatia	nome feminino	pro|to|pa|[ti]|a
protopático	adjetivo	pro|to|[pá]|ti|co
protopatriarca	nome masculino	pro|to|pa|tri|[ar]|ca
protopirâmide	nome feminino	pro|to|pi|[râ]|mi|de
protoplaneta	nome masculino	pro|to|pla|[ne]|ta
protoplasia	nome feminino	pro|to|pla|[si]|a
protoplásico	adjetivo	pro|to|[plá]|si|co
protoplasma	nome masculino	pro|to|[plas]|ma
protoplasmático	adjetivo	pro|to|plas|[má]|ti|co
protoplásmico	adjetivo	pro|to|[plás]|mi|co
protoplástico	adjetivo	pro|to|[plás]|ti|co
protoplasto	nome masculino	pro|to|[plas]|to
protópode	adjetivo	pro|[tó]|po|de
protopódio	nome masculino	pro|to|[pó]|di|o
protoprisma	nome masculino	pro|to|[pris]|ma
protóptero	nome masculino	pro|[tóp]|te|ro
protorácico	adjetivo	pro|to|[rá]|ci|co
protórax	nome masculino	pro|[tó]|rax
protorgânico	adjetivo	pro|tor|[gâ]|ni|co
protorganismo	nome masculino	pro|tor|ga|[nis]|mo
protorrenascimento	nome masculino	pro|tor|re|nas|ci|[men]|to
protorrevolução	nome feminino	pro|tor|re|vo|lu|[ção]
protorrevolucionário	adjetivo	pro|tor|re|vo|lu|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
protorrevolucionário	nome masculino	pro|tor|re|vo|lu|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
protorromântico	adjetivo	pro|tor|ro|[mân]|ti|co
protorromantismo	nome masculino	pro|tor|ro|man|[tis]|mo
protorromboedro	nome masculino	pro|tor|rom|bo|[e]|dro
protossincelo	nome masculino	pro|tos|sin|[ce]|lo
protossol	nome masculino	pro|tos|[sol]
protossolar	adjetivo	pro|tos|so|[lar]
protossulfureto	nome masculino	pro|tos|sul|fu|[re]|to
protostómio	nome masculino	pro|tos|[tó]|mi|o
protostômio	nome masculino	pro|tos|[tô]|mi|o
prototério	adjetivo	pro|to|[té]|ri|o
prototério	nome masculino	pro|to|[té]|ri|o
prototípico	adjetivo	pro|to|[tí]|pi|co
protótipo	nome masculino	pro|[tó]|ti|po
prototipográfico	adjetivo	pro|to|ti|po|[grá]|fi|co
prototórax	nome masculino	pro|to|[tó]|rax
prototrófico	adjetivo	pro|to|[tró]|fi|co
protótrono	nome masculino	pro|[tó]|tro|no
protovértebra	nome feminino	pro|to|[vér]|te|bra
protovertebral	adjetivo	pro|to|ver|te|[bral]
protovestiário	nome masculino	pro|to|ves|ti|[á]|ri|o
protoxidar	verbo	pro|to|xi|[dar]
protóxido	nome masculino	pro|[tó]|xi|do
protoxilema	nome feminino	pro|to|xi|[le]|ma
protoxilemático	adjetivo	pro|to|xi|le|[má]|ti|co
protozeugma	nome masculino	pro|to|[zeug]|ma
protozoário	adjetivo	pro|to|zo|[á]|ri|o
protozoário	nome masculino	pro|to|zo|[á]|ri|o
protozoide	nome masculino	pro|to|[zoi]|de
protozoologia	nome feminino	pro|to|zo|o|lo|[gi]|a
protozoológico	adjetivo	pro|to|zo|o|[ló]|gi|co
protozoose	nome feminino	pro|to|zo|[o]|se
protráctil	adjetivo	pro|[trác]|til
protraidor	adjetivo	pro|trai|[dor]
protraimento	nome masculino	pro|trai|[men]|to
protrair	verbo	pro|tra|[ir]
protraível	adjetivo	pro|tra|[í]|vel
protraqueado	nome masculino	pro|tra|que|[a]|do
protrátil	adjetivo	pro|[trá]|til
protréptico	nome masculino	pro|[trép]|ti|co
protrombina	nome feminino	pro|trom|[bi]|na
protrusão	nome feminino	pro|tru|[são]
protruso	adjetivo	pro|[tru]|so
protuberância	nome feminino	pro|tu|be|[rân]|ci|a
protuberancial	adjetivo	pro|tu|be|ran|ci|[al]
protuberante	adjetivo	pro|tu|be|[ran]|te
protusão	nome feminino	pro|tu|[são]
protuso	nome feminino	pro|[tu]|so
protutela	nome feminino	pro|tu|[te]|la
protutor	nome masculino	pro|tu|[tor]
proudhoniano	adjetivo	proud|ho|ni|a|no
