pseudoiônico	adjetivo	pseu|doi|[ô]|ni|co
pseudoiónico	adjetivo	pseu|doi|[ó]|ni|co
pseudoiónico	nome masculino	pseu|doi|[ó]|ni|co
pseudoiônico	nome masculino	pseu|doi|[ô]|ni|co
pseudoionismo	nome masculino	pseu|doi|o|[nis]|mo
pseudoleucite	nome feminino	pseu|do|leu|[ci]|te
pseudólito	nome masculino	pseu|[dó]|li|to
pseudomalaquite	nome feminino	pseu|do|ma|la|[qui]|te
pseudomembrana	nome feminino	pseu|do|mem|[bra]|na
pseudomeningite	nome feminino	pseu|do|me|nin|[gi]|te
pseudomnesia	nome feminino	pseu|dom|ne|[si]|a
pseudomnésico	adjetivo	pseu|dom|[né]|si|co
pseudomnéstico	adjetivo	pseu|dom|[nés]|ti|co
pseudomônade	nome feminino	pseu|do|[mô]|na|de
pseudomónade	nome feminino	pseu|do|[mó]|na|de
pseudomorfismo	nome masculino	pseu|do|mor|[fis]|mo
pseudomorfo	adjetivo	pseu|do|[mor]|fo
pseudomorfose	nome feminino	pseu|do|mor|[fo]|se
pseudonefelina	nome feminino	pseu|do|ne|fe|[li]|na
pseudonefrite	nome feminino	pseu|do|ne|[fri]|te
pseudoneuróptero	nome masculino	pseu|do|neu|[róp]|te|ro
pseudonevróptero	nome masculino	pseu|do|ne|[vróp]|te|ro
pseudonimamente	advérbio	pseu|do|ni|ma|[men]|te
pseudonímia	nome feminino	pseu|do|[ní]|mi|a
pseudonímico	adjetivo	pseu|do|[ní]|mi|co
pseudónimo	nome masculino	pseu|[dó]|ni|mo
pseudônimo	adjetivo	pseu|[dô]|ni|mo
pseudônimo	nome masculino	pseu|[dô]|ni|mo
pseudónimo	adjetivo	pseu|[dó]|ni|mo
pseudoparênquima	nome masculino	pseu|do|pa|[rên]|qui|ma
pseudópode	nome masculino	pseu|[dó]|po|de
pseudopódico	adjetivo	pseu|do|[pó]|di|co
pseudoprofecia	nome feminino	pseu|do|pro|fe|[ci]|a
pseudoprofeta	nome masculino	pseu|do|pro|[fe]|ta
pseudoprofético	adjetivo	pseu|do|pro|[fé]|ti|co
pseudoprofetisa	nome feminino	pseu|do|pro|fe|[ti]|sa
pseudorréctico	adjetivo	pseu|dor|[réc]|ti|co
pseudorrético	adjetivo	pseu|dor|[ré]|ti|co
pseudorrevelação	nome feminino	pseu|dor|re|ve|la|[ção]
pseudorrexia	nome feminino	pseu|dor|re|[xi]|a
pseudoscopia	nome feminino	pseu|dos|co|[pi]|a
pseudoscópico	adjetivo	pseu|dos|[có]|pi|co
pseudoscópio	nome masculino	pseu|dos|[có]|pi|o
pseudosmia	nome feminino	pseu|dos|[mi]|a
pseudósmico	adjetivo	pseu|[dós]|mi|co
pseudosofia	nome feminino	pseu|do|so|[fi]|a
pseudosófico	adjetivo	pseu|do|[só]|fi|co
pseudospermo	adjetivo	pseu|dos|[per]|mo
pseudossábio	nome masculino	pseu|dos|[sá]|bi|o
pseudossínodo	nome masculino	pseu|dos|[sí]|no|do
pseudosteose	nome feminino	pseu|dos|te|[o]|se
pseudotecido	nome masculino	pseu|do|te|[ci]|do
pseudotopázio	nome masculino	pseu|do|to|[pá]|zi|o
pseudotoxina	nome feminino	pseu|do|to|[xi]|na
pseudotridimite	nome feminino	pseu|do|tri|di|[mi]|te
pseudotuberculose	nome feminino	pseu|do|tu|ber|cu|[lo]|se
pseudozoário	adjetivo	pseu|do|zo|[á]|ri|o
psi	nome masculino	[psi]
psiádia	nome feminino	psi|[á]|di|a
psicadélico	adjetivo	psi|ca|[dé]|li|co
psicadelismo	nome masculino	psi|ca|de|[lis]|mo
psicagogia	nome feminino	psi|ca|go|[gi]|a
psicagógico	adjetivo	psi|ca|[gó]|gi|co
psicagogo	nome masculino	psi|ca|[go]|go
psicalgia	nome feminino	psi|cal|[gi]|a
psicálgico	adjetivo	psi|[cál]|gi|co
psicanalisado	adjetivo	psi|ca|na|li|[sa]|do
psicanalisado	nome masculino	psi|ca|na|li|[sa]|do
psicanalisar	verbo	psi|ca|na|li|[sar]
psicanálise	nome feminino	psi|ca|[ná]|li|se
psicanalista	adjetivo	psi|ca|na|[lis]|ta
psicanalista	nome masculino	psi|ca|na|[lis]|ta
psicanalista	nome feminino	psi|ca|na|[lis]|ta
psicanalítico	adjetivo	psi|ca|na|[lí]|ti|co
psicastenia	nome feminino	psi|cas|te|[ni]|a
psicasténico	adjetivo	psi|cas|[té]|ni|co
psicasténico	nome masculino	psi|cas|[té]|ni|co
psicastênico	adjetivo	psi|cas|[tê]|ni|co
psicastênico	nome masculino	psi|cas|[tê]|ni|co
psiché	nome masculino	psi|[ché]
psichê	nome masculino	psi|[chê]
psicoativo	adjetivo	psi|co|a|[ti]|vo
psicobiologia	nome feminino	psi|co|bi|o|lo|[gi]|a
psicobiológico	adjetivo	psi|co|bi|o|[ló]|gi|co
psicobiologista	adjetivo	psi|co|bi|o|lo|[gis]|ta
psicobiologista	nome masculino	psi|co|bi|o|lo|[gis]|ta
psicobiologista	nome feminino	psi|co|bi|o|lo|[gis]|ta
psicobiólogo	nome masculino	psi|co|bi|[ó]|lo|go
psicochoque	nome masculino	psi|co|[cho]|que
psicocirurgia	nome feminino	psi|co|ci|rur|[gi]|a
psicocirurgião	nome masculino	psi|co|ci|rur|gi|[ão]
psicocirúrgico	adjetivo	psi|co|ci|[rúr]|gi|co
psicocrítica	nome feminino	psi|co|[crí]|ti|ca
psicodelismo	nome masculino	psi|co|de|[lis]|mo
psicodiagnóstico	nome masculino	psi|co|di|ag|[nós]|ti|co
psicodinâmica	nome feminino	psi|co|di|[nâ]|mi|ca
psicodinâmico	adjetivo	psi|co|di|[nâ]|mi|co
psicodinamismo	nome masculino	psi|co|di|na|[mis]|mo
psicodisléptico	nome masculino	psi|co|dis|[lép]|ti|co
psicodisléptico	adjetivo	psi|co|dis|[lép]|ti|co
