papa-mel	nome masculino	pa|pa-mel
papa-missas	nome masculino	pa|pa-mis|sas
papa-missas	nome feminino	pa|pa-mis|sas
papa-moscas	nome masculino	pa|pa-mos|cas
papa-moscas	nome feminino	pa|pa-mos|cas
papa-novenas	nome feminino	pa|pa-no|[ve]|nas
papa-ovo	nome masculino	pa|pa-o|vo
papa-peixe	nome masculino	pa|pa-pei|xe
papa-pinto	nome masculino	pa|pa-pin|to
papa-pintos	nome masculino	pa|pa-pin|tos
papa-rapazes	nome masculino	pa|pa-ra|[pa]|zes
papa-ratos	nome masculino	pa|pa-ra|tos
papa-santos	nome masculino	pa|pa-san|tos
papa-santos	nome feminino	pa|pa-san|tos
papa-tabaco	nome masculino	pa|pa-ta|[ba]|co
papa-tabaco	nome feminino	pa|pa-ta|[ba]|co
papa-terra	nome masculino	pa|pa-ter|ra
papa-vento	nome masculino	pa|pa-ven|to
papada	nome feminino	pa|[pa]|da
papado	nome masculino	pa|[pa]|do
papaeira	nome feminino	pa|pa|[ei]|ra
papagaia	nome feminino	pa|pa|[gai]|a
papagaiada	nome feminino	pa|pa|gai|[a]|da
papagaial	adjetivo	pa|pa|gai|[al]
papagaíce	nome feminino	pa|pa|ga|[í]|ce
papagaio	nome masculino	pa|pa|[gai]|o
papagaio-do-mar	nome masculino	pa|pa|gai|o-do-mar
papagaíto	nome masculino	pa|pa|ga|[í]|to
papaguçar	verbo	pa|pa|gu|[çar]
papagueador	adjetivo	pa|pa|gue|a|[dor]
papagueador	nome masculino	pa|pa|gue|a|[dor]
papagueamento	nome masculino	pa|pa|gue|a|[men]|to
papaguear	verbo	pa|pa|gue|[ar]
papagueio	nome masculino	pa|pa|[guei]|o
papai	nome masculino	pa|[pai]
papaia	nome feminino	pa|[pai]|a
papaiácea	nome feminino	pa|pai|[á]|ce|a
papaiáceo	adjetivo	pa|pai|[á]|ce|o
papaieira	nome feminino	pa|pai|[ei]|ra
papaína	nome feminino	pa|pa|[í]|na
papal	adjetivo	pa|[pal]
papalhaz	nome masculino	pa|pa|[lhaz]
papalino	adjetivo	pa|pa|[li]|no
papalino	nome masculino	pa|pa|[li]|no
papalva	nome feminino	pa|[pal]|va
papalvice	nome feminino	pa|pal|[vi]|ce
papalvo	nome masculino	pa|[pal]|vo
papalvo	adjetivo	pa|[pal]|vo
papamóvel	nome masculino	pa|pa|[mó]|vel
papança	nome feminino	pa|[pan]|ça
papanicolau	nome masculino	pa|pa|ni|co|[lau]
papão	nome masculino	pa|[pão]
papar	verbo	pa|[par]
paparazzi	nome masculino	pa|pa|raz|zi
papari	nome masculino	pa|pa|[ri]
paparicar	verbo	pa|pa|ri|[car]
paparicho	nome masculino	pa|pa|[ri]|cho
paparico	nome masculino	pa|pa|[ri]|co
paparim	nome masculino	pa|pa|[rim]
paparoca	nome feminino	pa|pa|[ro]|ca
paparota	nome feminino	pa|pa|[ro]|ta
paparote	nome masculino	pa|pa|[ro]|te
paparraça	nome feminino	pa|par|[ra]|ça
paparraz	nome masculino	pa|par|[raz]
paparreta	nome masculino	pa|par|[re]|ta
paparreta	nome feminino	pa|par|[re]|ta
paparriba	advérbio	pa|par|[ri]|ba
paparrotada	nome feminino	pa|par|ro|[ta]|da
paparrotagem	nome feminino	pa|par|ro|[ta]|gem
paparrotão	adjetivo	pa|par|ro|[tão]
paparrotão	nome masculino	pa|par|ro|[tão]
paparrotar	verbo	pa|par|ro|[tar]
paparrotear	verbo	pa|par|ro|te|[ar]
paparrotice	nome feminino	pa|par|ro|[ti]|ce
paparuca	nome feminino	pa|pa|[ru]|ca
papataz	nome masculino	pa|pa|[taz]
papatázico	adjetivo	pa|pa|[tá]|zi|co
papaúlha	nome masculino	pa|pa|[ú]|lha
papável	adjetivo	pa|[pá]|vel
papaverácea	nome feminino	pa|pa|ve|[rá]|ce|a
papaveráceo	adjetivo	pa|pa|ve|[rá]|ce|o
papaverato	nome masculino	pa|pa|ve|[ra]|to
papavérico	adjetivo	pa|pa|[vé]|ri|co
papaverina	nome feminino	pa|pa|ve|[ri]|na
papazana	nome feminino	pa|pa|[za]|na
papazes	nome masculino	pa|[pa]|zes
papear	verbo	pa|pe|[ar]
papeira	nome feminino	pa|[pei]|ra
papeiro	adjetivo	pa|[pei]|ro
papeiro	nome masculino	pa|[pei]|ro
papejar	verbo	pa|pe|[jar]
papel	nome masculino	pa|[pel]
papel	adjetivo	pa|[pel]
papel	nome feminino	pa|[pel]
papel-arroz	nome masculino	pa|pel-ar|[roz]
papel-carbono	nome masculino	pa|pel-car|[bo]|no
papel-chave	nome masculino	pa|pel-cha|ve
papel-chupa	nome masculino	pa|pel-chu|pa
papel-moeda	nome masculino	pa|pel-mo|[e]|da
papelada	nome feminino	pa|pe|[la]|da
