psoríase	nome feminino	pso|[rí]|a|se
psoriático	adjetivo	pso|ri|[á]|ti|co
psórico	adjetivo	[psó]|ri|co
psoroftalmia	nome feminino	pso|rof|tal|[mi]|a
psoroftálmico	adjetivo	pso|rof|[tál]|mi|co
psoropta	nome masculino	pso|[rop]|ta
psorospérmia	nome feminino	pso|ros|[pér]|mi|a
psorospermose	nome feminino	pso|ros|per|[mo]|se
ptármica	nome feminino	[ptár]|mi|ca
ptármico	adjetivo	[ptár]|mi|co
ptênio	nome masculino	[ptê]|ni|o
pténio	nome masculino	[pté]|ni|o
ptenoglosso	nome masculino	pte|no|[glos]|so
pteracanto	nome masculino	pte|ra|[can]|to
pteranto	nome masculino	pte|[ran]|to
ptérico	adjetivo	[pté]|ri|co
ptéride	nome feminino	[pté]|ri|de
pteridófita	nome feminino	pte|ri|[dó]|fi|ta
pteridofítico	adjetivo	pte|ri|do|[fí]|ti|co
ptéridofito	nome masculino	[pté]|ri|do|fi|to
pteridografia	nome feminino	pte|ri|do|gra|[fi]|a
pteridográfico	adjetivo	pte|ri|do|[grá]|fi|co
pteridógrafo	nome masculino	pte|ri|[dó]|gra|fo
pteridologia	nome feminino	pte|ri|do|lo|[gi]|a
pteridológico	adjetivo	pte|ri|do|[ló]|gi|co
pteridólogo	nome masculino	pte|ri|[dó]|lo|go
pteridospérmicas	nome feminino	pte|ri|dos|[pér]|mi|cas
pteridospérmico	adjetivo	pte|ri|dos|[pér]|mi|co
pterígio	nome masculino	pte|[rí]|gi|o
pterigofaríngeo	adjetivo	pte|ri|go|fa|[rín]|ge|o
pterigógeno	nome masculino	pte|ri|[gó]|ge|no
pterigoide	nome masculino	pte|ri|[goi]|de
pterigoide	adjetivo	pte|ri|[goi]|de
pterigóideo	adjetivo	pte|ri|[gói]|de|o
pterigoma	nome masculino	pte|ri|[go]|ma
ptérila	nome feminino	[pté]|ri|la
ptério	nome masculino	[pté]|ri|o
ptérion	nome masculino	[pté]|ri|on
pternalgia	nome feminino	pter|nal|[gi]|a
pternálgico	adjetivo	pter|[nál]|gi|co
pterobrânquio	nome masculino	pte|ro|[brân]|qui|o
pterobrânquio	adjetivo	pte|ro|[brân]|qui|o
pterocarpino	nome masculino	pte|ro|car|[pi]|no
pterocarpo	adjetivo	pte|ro|[car]|po
pterocarpo	nome masculino	pte|ro|[car]|po
pterocéfalo	nome masculino	pte|ro|[cé]|fa|lo
pterócera	nome feminino	pte|[ró]|ce|ra
pteróclida	nome masculino	pte|[ró]|cli|da
pteroclídeo	nome masculino	pte|ro|[clí]|de|o
pteroclídeo	adjetivo	pte|ro|[clí]|de|o
pterodáctilo	nome masculino	pte|ro|[dác]|ti|lo
pterodáctilo	adjetivo	pte|ro|[dác]|ti|lo
pterodátilo	adjetivo	pte|ro|[dá]|ti|lo
pterodátilo	nome masculino	pte|ro|[dá]|ti|lo
pterodonte	nome masculino	pte|ro|[don]|te
pterofagia	nome feminino	pte|ro|fa|[gi]|a
pterofórida	nome masculino	pte|ro|[fó]|ri|da
pteroforídeo	nome masculino	pte|ro|fo|[rí]|de|o
pteroforídeo	adjetivo	pte|ro|fo|[rí]|de|o
pteróforo	nome masculino	pte|[ró]|fo|ro
pterogínio	nome masculino	pte|ro|[gí]|ni|o
pterógono	adjetivo	pte|[ró]|go|no
pteroide	adjetivo	pte|[roi]|de
pterólito	nome masculino	pte|[ró]|li|to
pteron	nome masculino	pte|[ron]
pterónia	nome feminino	pte|[ró]|ni|a
pterônia	nome feminino	pte|[rô]|ni|a
pterópode	nome masculino	pte|[ró]|po|de
pterópode	adjetivo	pte|[ró]|po|de
pterospermo	nome masculino	pte|ros|[per]|mo
pterósporo	nome masculino	pte|[rós]|po|ro
pterossauro	adjetivo	pte|ros|[sau]|ro
pterossauro	nome masculino	pte|ros|[sau]|ro
pterossauros	nome masculino	pte|ros|[sau]|ros
pterostigma	nome feminino	pte|ros|[tig]|ma
pteroteca	nome feminino	pte|ro|[te]|ca
pterótico	nome masculino	pte|[ró]|ti|co
ptialagogo	adjetivo	pti|a|la|[go]|go
ptialina	nome feminino	pti|a|[li]|na
ptialismo	nome masculino	pti|a|[lis]|mo
ptiânio	adjetivo	pti|[â]|ni|o
ptiânio	nome masculino	pti|[â]|ni|o
pticopieurídeo	nome masculino	pti|co|pi|eu|[rí]|de|o
ptigmático	adjetivo	ptig|[má]|ti|co
ptilino	nome masculino	pti|[li]|no
ptilólito	nome masculino	pti|[ló]|li|to
ptilose	nome feminino	pti|[lo]|se
ptolemaico	adjetivo	pto|le|[mai]|co
ptolemense	adjetivo	pto|le|[men]|se
ptolemense	nome masculino	pto|le|[men]|se
ptolemense	nome feminino	pto|le|[men]|se
ptomaína	nome feminino	pto|ma|[í]|na
ptomatina	nome feminino	pto|ma|[ti]|na
ptomatofagia	nome feminino	pto|ma|to|fa|[gi]|a
ptomatófago	adjetivo	pto|ma|[tó]|fa|go
ptomatófago	nome masculino	pto|ma|[tó]|fa|go
ptose	nome feminino	[pto]|se
ptoseonomia	nome feminino	pto|se|o|no|[mi]|a
ptoseonômico	adjetivo	pto|se|o|[nô]|mi|co
ptoseonómico	adjetivo	pto|se|o|[nó]|mi|co
