parábata	nome masculino	pa|[rá]|ba|ta
parabém	nome masculino	pa|ra|[bém]
parabenizar	verbo	pa|ra|be|ni|[zar]
parabéns	nome masculino	pa|ra|[béns]
parabentear	verbo	pa|ra|ben|te|[ar]
parabiose	nome feminino	pa|ra|bi|[o]|se
parabiótico	adjetivo	pa|ra|bi|[ó]|ti|co
parablasto	nome masculino	pa|ra|[blas]|to
parablasto	adjetivo	pa|ra|[blas]|to
parábola	nome feminino	pa|[rá]|bo|la
parabolano	nome masculino	pa|ra|bo|[la]|no
parabólica	nome feminino	pa|ra|[bó]|li|ca
parabolicamente	advérbio	pa|ra|bo|li|ca|[men]|te
parabolicidade	nome feminino	pa|ra|bo|li|ci|[da]|de
parabólico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[bó]|li|co
parabolismo	nome masculino	pa|ra|bo|[lis]|mo
parabolista	nome masculino	pa|ra|bo|[lis]|ta
parabolista	nome feminino	pa|ra|bo|[lis]|ta
parabolizar	verbo	pa|ra|bo|li|[zar]
paraboloide	adjetivo	pa|ra|bo|[loi]|de
paraboloide	nome masculino	pa|ra|bo|[loi]|de
parabulia	nome feminino	pa|ra|bu|[li]|a
parabúlico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[bú]|li|co
paracanã	nome masculino	pa|ra|ca|[nã]
paracanã	nome feminino	pa|ra|ca|[nã]
paracanã	adjetivo	pa|ra|ca|[nã]
paracanaxi	nome masculino	pa|ra|ca|na|[xi]
paracari	nome masculino	pa|ra|ca|[ri]
paracárpio	nome masculino	pa|ra|[cár]|pi|o
paracarpo	nome masculino	pa|ra|[car]|po
paracaúba	nome feminino	pa|ra|ca|[ú]|ba
paracéfalo	nome masculino	pa|ra|[cé]|fa|lo
paracelsismo	nome masculino	pa|ra|cel|[sis]|mo
paracelsista	adjetivo	pa|ra|cel|[sis]|ta
paracelsista	nome masculino	pa|ra|cel|[sis]|ta
paracelsista	nome feminino	pa|ra|cel|[sis]|ta
paracelulose	nome feminino	pa|ra|ce|lu|[lo]|se
paracentese	nome feminino	pa|ra|cen|[te]|se
paracêntrico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[cên]|tri|co
paracetamol	nome masculino	pa|ra|ce|ta|[mol]
paraciânico	adjetivo	pa|ra|ci|[â]|ni|co
paraciano	nome masculino	pa|ra|ci|[a]|no
paracianogênio	nome masculino	pa|ra|ci|a|no|[gê]|ni|o
paracianogénio	nome masculino	pa|ra|ci|a|no|[gé]|ni|o
paraciesia	nome feminino	pa|ra|ci|e|[si]|a
paraciético	adjetivo	pa|ra|ci|[é]|ti|co
paracinesia	nome feminino	pa|ra|ci|ne|[si]|a
paracinético	adjetivo	pa|ra|ci|[né]|ti|co
paracismeiro	nome masculino	pa|ra|cis|[mei]|ro
paracismice	nome feminino	pa|ra|cis|[mi]|ce
paracismo	nome masculino	pa|ra|[cis]|mo
paráclase	nome feminino	pa|[rá]|cla|se
paraclástico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[clás]|ti|co
paracletear	verbo	pa|ra|cle|te|[ar]
paraclético	adjetivo	pa|ra|[clé]|ti|co
paracleto	nome masculino	pa|ra|[cle]|to
paráclito	nome masculino	pa|[rá]|cli|to
paracmástico	adjetivo	pa|rac|[más]|ti|co
paracolia	nome feminino	pa|ra|co|[li]|a
paracorola	nome feminino	pa|ra|co|[ro]|la
paracoronal	adjetivo	pa|ra|co|ro|[nal]
paracromatismo	nome masculino	pa|ra|cro|ma|[tis]|mo
paracrônico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[crô]|ni|co
paracrónico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[cró]|ni|co
paracronismo	nome masculino	pa|ra|cro|[nis]|mo
paracuca	nome feminino	pa|ra|[cu]|ca
paracuri	nome masculino	pa|ra|cu|[ri]
paracusia	nome feminino	pa|ra|cu|[si]|a
paracústico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[cús]|ti|co
paracutaca	nome feminino	pa|ra|cu|[ta]|ca
parada	nome feminino	pa|[ra]|da
paradáctilo	nome masculino	pa|ra|[dác]|ti|lo
paradeiro	nome masculino	pa|ra|[dei]|ro
paradela	nome feminino	pa|ra|[de]|la
paradídimo	nome masculino	pa|ra|[dí]|di|mo
paradigma	nome masculino	pa|ra|[dig]|ma
paradigmal	adjetivo	pa|ra|dig|[mal]
paradigmaticamente	advérbio	pa|ra|dig|ma|ti|ca|[men]|te
paradigmático	adjetivo	pa|ra|dig|[má]|ti|co
paradísea	nome feminino	pa|ra|[dí]|se|a
paradiseídeo	nome masculino	pa|ra|di|se|[í]|de|o
paradiseídeo	adjetivo	pa|ra|di|se|[í]|de|o
paradiseídeo	nome masculino	pa|ra|di|se|[í]|de|o
paradisiacamente	advérbio	pa|ra|di|si|a|ca|[men]|te
paradisíaco	adjetivo	pa|ra|di|[sí]|a|co
paradísico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[dí]|si|co
parado	adjetivo	pa|[ra]|do
paradoiro	nome masculino	pa|ra|[doi]|ro
parador	nome masculino	pa|ra|[dor]
paradouro	nome masculino	pa|ra|[dou]|ro
paradoxal	adjetivo	pa|ra|do|[xal]
paradoxalidade	nome feminino	pa|ra|do|xa|li|[da]|de
paradoxalmente	advérbio	pa|ra|do|xal|[men]|te
paradoxar	verbo	pa|ra|do|[xar]
paradoxismo	nome masculino	pa|ra|do|[xis]|mo
paradoxite	nome feminino	pa|ra|do|[xi]|te
paradoxo	nome masculino	pa|ra|[do]|xo
paradoxográfico	adjetivo	pa|ra|do|xo|[grá]|fi|co
paradoxógrafo	nome masculino	pa|ra|do|[xó]|gra|fo
paraeléctrico	adjetivo	pa|ra|e|[léc]|tri|co
