paraelétrico	adjetivo	pa|ra|e|[lé]|tri|co
paraense	adjetivo	pa|ra|[en]|se
paraense	nome masculino	pa|ra|[en]|se
paraense	nome feminino	pa|ra|[en]|se
paraescolar	adjetivo	pa|ra|es|co|[lar]
paraestatal	adjetivo	pa|ra|es|ta|[tal]
parafasia	nome feminino	pa|ra|fa|[si]|a
parafásico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[fá]|si|co
parafático	adjetivo	pa|ra|[fá]|ti|co
parafemia	nome feminino	pa|ra|fe|[mi]|a
parafémico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[fé]|mi|co
parafêmico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[fê]|mi|co
parafernais	nome masculino	pa|ra|fer|[nais]
parafernal	adjetivo	pa|ra|fer|[nal]
parafernália	nome feminino	pa|ra|fer|[ná]|li|a
parafernalidade	nome feminino	pa|ra|fer|na|li|[da]|de
parafilia	nome feminino	pa|ra|fi|[li]|a
parafimose	nome feminino	pa|ra|fi|[mo]|se
parafina	nome feminino	pa|ra|[fi]|na
parafinagem	nome feminino	pa|ra|fi|[na]|gem
parafinar	verbo	pa|ra|fi|[nar]
parafinaria	nome feminino	pa|ra|fi|na|[ri]|a
parafínico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[fí]|ni|co
parafinização	nome feminino	pa|ra|fi|ni|za|[ção]
parafinizar	verbo	pa|ra|fi|ni|[zar]
parafinizar	nome feminino	pa|ra|fi|ni|[zar]
parafiscal	adjetivo	pa|ra|fis|[cal]
parafiscalidade	nome feminino	pa|ra|fis|ca|li|[da]|de
paráfise	nome feminino	pa|[rá]|fi|se
parafitas	nome masculino	pa|ra|[fi]|tas
parafonia	nome feminino	pa|ra|fo|[ni]|a
parafônico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[fô]|ni|co
parafónico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[fó]|ni|co
parafonista	nome masculino	pa|ra|fo|[nis]|ta
parafosfato	nome masculino	pa|ra|fos|[fa]|to
parafosfórico	adjetivo	pa|ra|fos|[fó]|ri|co
paráfrase	nome feminino	pa|[rá]|fra|se
parafraseador	nome masculino	pa|ra|fra|se|a|[dor]
parafraseadora	nome feminino	pa|ra|fra|se|a|[do]|ra
parafrasear	verbo	pa|ra|fra|se|[ar]
parafraseável	adjetivo	pa|ra|fra|se|[á]|vel
parafrasia	nome feminino	pa|ra|fra|[si]|a
parafrasta	nome masculino	pa|ra|[fras]|ta
parafrasta	nome feminino	pa|ra|[fras]|ta
parafraste	nome masculino	pa|ra|[fras]|te
parafraste	nome feminino	pa|ra|[fras]|te
parafrasticamente	advérbio	pa|ra|fras|ti|ca|[men]|te
parafrástico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[frás]|ti|co
parafrenia	nome feminino	pa|ra|fre|[ni]|a
parafrénico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[fré]|ni|co
parafrênico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[frê]|ni|co
parafrônico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[frô]|ni|co
parafrónico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[fró]|ni|co
parafrósina	nome feminino	pa|ra|[fró]|si|na
parafusa	nome feminino	pa|ra|[fu]|sa
parafusação	nome feminino	pa|ra|fu|sa|[ção]
parafusador	adjetivo	pa|ra|fu|sa|[dor]
parafusador	nome masculino	pa|ra|fu|sa|[dor]
parafusante	adjetivo	pa|ra|fu|[san]|te
parafusão	nome masculino	pa|ra|fu|[são]
parafusar	verbo	pa|ra|fu|[sar]
parafusaria	nome feminino	pa|ra|fu|sa|[ri]|a
parafuso	nome masculino	pa|ra|[fu]|so
paragamacismo	nome masculino	pa|ra|ga|ma|[cis]|mo
paragão	nome masculino	pa|ra|[gão]
paragem	nome feminino	pa|[ra]|gem
paragênese	nome feminino	pa|ra|[gê]|ne|se
paragénese	nome feminino	pa|ra|[gé]|ne|se
paragenesia	nome feminino	pa|ra|ge|ne|[si]|a
paragenésico	adjetivo	pa|ra|ge|[né]|si|co
paragenético	adjetivo	pa|ra|ge|[né]|ti|co
parageusia	nome feminino	pa|ra|geu|[si]|a
paraglobulina	nome feminino	pa|ra|glo|bu|[li]|na
paragnaisse	nome masculino	pa|rag|[nais]|se
parágnato	adjetivo	pa|[rág]|na|to
parágnato	nome masculino	pa|[rág]|na|to
paragoge	nome feminino	pa|ra|[go]|ge
paragogicamente	advérbio	pa|ra|go|gi|ca|[men]|te
paragógico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[gó]|gi|co
paragonar	verbo	pa|ra|go|[nar]
paragrafação	nome feminino	pa|ra|gra|fa|[ção]
paragrafar	verbo	pa|ra|gra|[far]
paragrafia	nome feminino	pa|ra|gra|[fi]|a
paragráfico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[grá]|fi|co
parágrafo	nome masculino	pa|[rá]|gra|fo
paragrama	nome masculino	pa|ra|[gra]|ma
paragramatismo	nome masculino	pa|ra|gra|ma|[tis]|mo
paraguaia	nome feminino	pa|ra|[guai]|a
paraguaiano	adjetivo	pa|ra|guai|[a]|no
paraguaiano	nome masculino	pa|ra|guai|[a]|no
paraguaio	adjetivo	pa|ra|[guai]|o
paraguaio	nome masculino	pa|ra|[guai]|o
paraguatã	nome masculino	pa|ra|gua|[tã]
paraíba	nome feminino	pa|ra|[í]|ba
paraíbana	nome feminino	pa|ra|[í]|ba|na
paraíbano	adjetivo	pa|ra|[í]|ba|no
paraíbano	nome masculino	pa|ra|[í]|ba|no
paraidrogênio	nome masculino	pa|rai|dro|[gê]|ni|o
paraidrogénio	nome masculino	pa|rai|dro|[gé]|ni|o
paraíso	nome masculino	pa|ra|[í]|so
