paramentoso	adjetivo	pa|ra|men|[to]|so
paramérico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[mé]|ri|co
paramério	nome masculino	pa|ra|[mé]|ri|o
parâmero	nome masculino	pa|[râ]|me|ro
parâmese	nome feminino	pa|[râ]|me|se
paramétrico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[mé]|tri|co
paramétrio	nome masculino	pa|ra|[mé]|tri|o
parametrite	nome feminino	pa|ra|me|[tri]|te
parametrização	nome feminino	pa|ra|me|tri|za|[ção]
parametrizado	adjetivo	pa|ra|me|tri|[za]|do
parametrizante	adjetivo	pa|ra|me|tri|[zan]|te
parametrizar	verbo	pa|ra|me|tri|[zar]
parametrizável	adjetivo	pa|ra|me|tri|[zá]|vel
parâmetro	nome masculino	pa|[râ]|me|tro
paramilitar	adjetivo	pa|ra|mi|li|[tar]
paramilo	nome masculino	pa|ra|[mi]|lo
paramiloidose	nome feminino	pa|ra|mi|loi|[do]|se
paramimia	nome feminino	pa|ra|mi|[mi]|a
paramixovírus	nome masculino	pa|ra|mi|xo|[ví]|rus
paramnésia	nome feminino	pa|ram|[né]|si|a
paramnésico	adjetivo	pa|ram|[né]|si|co
paramnéstico	adjetivo	pa|ram|[nés]|ti|co
páramo	nome masculino	[pá]|ra|mo
paramórfico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[mór]|fi|co
paramorfina	nome feminino	pa|ra|mor|[fi]|na
paramorfismo	nome masculino	pa|ra|mor|[fis]|mo
paramúcico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[mú]|ci|co
paramusia	nome feminino	pa|ra|mu|[si]|a
paraná	nome masculino	pa|ra|[ná]
paraná-açu	nome masculino	pa|ra|ná-a|[çu]
paraná-mirim	nome masculino	pa|ra|ná-mi|[rim]
paranaense	nome masculino	pa|ra|na|[en]|se
paranaense	adjetivo	pa|ra|na|[en]|se
paranaense	nome feminino	pa|ra|na|[en]|se
paranaftalina	nome feminino	pa|ra|naf|ta|[li]|na
paranasal	adjetivo	pa|ra|na|[sal]
paranatelonte	nome masculino	pa|ra|na|te|[lon]|te
paranatelôntico	adjetivo	pa|ra|na|te|[lôn]|ti|co
paranavaiense	adjetivo	pa|ra|na|vai|[en]|se
paranavaiense	nome masculino	pa|ra|na|vai|[en]|se
paranavaiense	nome feminino	pa|ra|na|vai|[en]|se
parança	nome feminino	pa|[ran]|ça
paranefrite	nome feminino	pa|ra|ne|[fri]|te
paraneia	nome feminino	pa|ra|[nei]|a
paraneico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[nei]|co
parangona	nome feminino	pa|ran|[go]|na
parangonar	verbo	pa|ran|go|[nar]
parangue	nome masculino	pa|[ran]|gue
paranho	nome masculino	pa|[ra]|nho
paraninfa	nome feminino	pa|ra|[nin]|fa
paraninfar	verbo	pa|ra|nin|[far]
paranínfico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[nín]|fi|co
paraninfo	nome masculino	pa|ra|[nin]|fo
paranista	adjetivo	pa|ra|[nis]|ta
paranista	nome masculino	pa|ra|[nis]|ta
paranista	nome feminino	pa|ra|[nis]|ta
paranoia	nome feminino	pa|ra|[noi]|a
paranoica	nome feminino	pa|ra|[noi]|ca
paranoico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[noi]|co
paranoico	nome masculino	pa|ra|[noi]|co
paranoide	adjetivo	pa|ra|[noi]|de
paranomásia	nome feminino	pa|ra|no|[má]|si|a
paranomia	nome feminino	pa|ra|no|[mi]|a
paranômico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[nô]|mi|co
paranómico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[nó]|mi|co
paranormal	nome masculino	pa|ra|nor|[mal]
paranormal	adjetivo	pa|ra|nor|[mal]
paranormal	nome feminino	pa|ra|nor|[mal]
parão	nome masculino	pa|[rão]
paraolimpíadas	nome feminino	pa|ra|o|lim|[pí]|a|das
paraolímpico	adjetivo	pa|ra|o|[lím]|pi|co
parapara	nome feminino	pa|ra|[pa]|ra
paraparésia	nome feminino	pa|ra|pa|[ré]|si|a
parapéctico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[péc]|ti|co
parapectina	nome feminino	pa|ra|pec|[ti]|na
parapegma	nome masculino	pa|ra|[peg]|ma
parapeitar	verbo	pa|ra|pei|[tar]
parapeito	nome masculino	pa|ra|[pei]|to
parapente	nome masculino	pa|ra|[pen]|te
parapentista	nome masculino	pa|ra|pen|[tis]|ta
parapentista	nome feminino	pa|ra|pen|[tis]|ta
parapétalo	adjetivo	pa|ra|[pé]|ta|lo
parapético	adjetivo	pa|ra|[pé]|ti|co
parapieno	nome masculino	pa|ra|pi|[e]|no
paraplasma	nome masculino	pa|ra|[plas]|ma
parapléctico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[pléc]|ti|co
paraplegia	nome feminino	pa|ra|ple|[gi]|a
paraplégica	nome feminino	pa|ra|[plé]|gi|ca
paraplégico	adjetivo	pa|ra|[plé]|gi|co
paraplégico	nome masculino	pa|ra|[plé]|gi|co
paraplético	adjetivo	pa|ra|[plé]|ti|co
parapleura	nome feminino	pa|ra|[pleu]|ra
parapleurisia	nome feminino	pa|ra|pleu|ri|[si]|a
paraplexia	nome feminino	pa|ra|ple|[xi]|a
parapodário	adjetivo	pa|ra|po|[dá]|ri|o
parápode	nome masculino	pa|[rá]|po|de
parapodiário	adjetivo	pa|ra|po|di|[á]|ri|o
parapódio	nome masculino	pa|ra|[pó]|di|o
parapopléctico	adjetivo	pa|ra|po|[pléc]|ti|co
parapoplético	adjetivo	pa|ra|po|[plé]|ti|co
