parvoíce	nome feminino	par|vo|[í]|ce
parvoidade	nome feminino	par|voi|[da]|de
parvoide	adjetivo	par|[voi]|de
parvoide	nome masculino	par|[voi]|de
parvoinho	nome masculino	par|vo|[i]|nho
parvoinho	adjetivo	par|vo|[i]|nho
parvolina	nome feminino	par|vo|[li]|na
parvónia	nome feminino	par|[vó]|ni|a
parvônia	nome feminino	par|[vô]|ni|a
párvula	nome feminino	[pár]|vu|la
parvulez	nome feminino	par|vu|[lez]
parvuleza	nome feminino	par|vu|[le]|za
párvulo	adjetivo	[pár]|vu|lo
párvulo	nome masculino	[pár]|vu|lo
pascacice	nome feminino	pas|ca|[ci]|ce
pascácio	adjetivo	pas|[cá]|ci|o
pascácio	nome masculino	pas|[cá]|ci|o
pascal	adjetivo	pas|[cal]
pascal	nome masculino	pas|[cal]
pascal-segundo	nome masculino	pas|cal-se|[gun]|do
pascália	nome feminino	pas|[cá]|li|a
pascalina	nome feminino	pas|ca|[li]|na
pascaró	adjetivo	pas|ca|[ró]
pascentar	verbo	pas|cen|[tar]
pascente	adjetivo	pas|[cen]|te
pascer	verbo	pas|[cer]
pascigo	nome masculino	pas|[ci]|go
pascigoso	adjetivo	pas|ci|[go]|so
pascoal	adjetivo	pas|co|[al]
pascoal-gomes	nome masculino	pas|co|al-go|mes
pascoar	verbo	pas|co|[ar]
pascoeira	nome feminino	pas|co|[ei]|ra
pascoela	nome feminino	pas|co|[e]|la
pascoense	adjetivo	pas|co|[en]|se
pascoense	nome masculino	pas|co|[en]|se
pascoense	nome feminino	pas|co|[en]|se
pascoinha	nome feminino	pas|co|[i]|nha
pasguate	nome masculino	pas|[gua]|te
pasigrafar	verbo	pa|si|gra|[far]
pasigrafia	nome feminino	pa|si|gra|[fi]|a
pasigráfico	adjetivo	pa|si|[grá]|fi|co
pasígrafo	nome masculino	pa|[sí]|gra|fo
pasma	nome feminino	[pas]|ma
pasmação	nome feminino	pas|ma|[ção]
pasmacear	verbo	pas|ma|ce|[ar]
pasmaceira	nome feminino	pas|ma|[cei]|ra
pasmadamente	advérbio	pas|ma|da|[men]|te
pasmado	adjetivo	pas|[ma]|do
pasmado	nome masculino	pas|[ma]|do
pasmar	verbo	pas|[mar]
pasmarota	nome feminino	pas|ma|[ro]|ta
pasmarote	nome masculino	pas|ma|[ro]|te
pasmatório	nome masculino	pas|ma|[tó]|ri|o
pasmo	nome masculino	[pas]|mo
pasmo	adjetivo	[pas]|mo
pasmosamente	advérbio	pas|mo|sa|[men]|te
pasmoso	adjetivo	pas|[mo]|so
paspalhaça	nome feminino	pas|pa|[lha]|ça
paspalhaço	nome masculino	pas|pa|[lha]|ço
paspalhão	nome masculino	pas|pa|[lhão]
paspalhão	adjetivo	pas|pa|[lhão]
paspalhar	verbo	pas|pa|[lhar]
paspalhás	nome masculino	pas|pa|[lhás]
paspalhaz	nome masculino	pas|pa|[lhaz]
paspalhice	nome feminino	pas|pa|[lhi]|ce
paspalho	nome masculino	pas|[pa]|lho
paspalhona	nome feminino	pas|pa|[lho]|na
paspalhós	nome masculino	pas|pa|[lhós]
paspalhuça	nome feminino	pas|pa|[lhu]|ça
pasquim	nome masculino	pas|[quim]
pasquinada	nome feminino	pas|qui|[na]|da
pasquinagem	nome feminino	pas|qui|[na]|gem
pasquinar	verbo	pas|qui|[nar]
pasquinário	adjetivo	pas|qui|[ná]|ri|o
pasquinear	verbo	pas|qui|ne|[ar]
pasquineiro	nome masculino	pas|qui|[nei]|ro
pasquinista	nome masculino	pas|qui|[nis]|ta
pasquinista	nome feminino	pas|qui|[nis]|ta
passa	nome feminino	[pas]|sa
passa-culpas	nome masculino	pas|sa-cul|pas
passa-culpas	adjetivo	pas|sa-cul|pas
passa-culpas	nome feminino	pas|sa-cul|pas
passa-dez	nome masculino	pas|sa-dez
passa-fomes	nome masculino	pas|sa-fo|mes
passa-fora	interjeição	pas|sa-fo|ra
passa-montanhas	nome masculino	pas|sa-mon|[ta]|nhas
passa-muros	nome masculino	pas|sa-mu|ros
passa-passa	nome masculino	pas|sa-pas|sa
passa-pé	nome masculino	pas|sa-pé
passa-piolho	nome masculino	pas|sa-pi|[o]|lho
passa-rios	nome masculino	pas|sa-ri|os
passa-volante	nome masculino	pas|sa-vo|[lan]|te
passabenense	adjetivo	pas|sa|be|[nen]|se
passabenense	nome masculino	pas|sa|be|[nen]|se
passabenense	nome feminino	pas|sa|be|[nen]|se
passada	nome feminino	pas|[sa]|da
passadeira	nome feminino	pas|sa|[dei]|ra
passadiço	nome masculino	pas|sa|[di]|ço
passadiço	adjetivo	pas|sa|[di]|ço
passadio	nome masculino	pas|sa|[di]|o
