pastoricida	nome feminino	pas|to|ri|[ci]|da
pastoricídio	nome masculino	pas|to|ri|[cí]|di|o
pastorício	adjetivo	pas|to|[rí]|ci|o
pastoril	nome masculino	pas|to|[ril]
pastoril	adjetivo	pas|to|[ril]
pastorinha	nome feminino	pas|to|[ri]|nha
pastorismo	nome masculino	pas|to|[ris]|mo
pastosidade	nome feminino	pas|to|si|[da]|de
pastoso	adjetivo	pas|[to]|so
pastrano	adjetivo	pas|[tra]|no
pastrano	nome masculino	pas|[tra]|no
pastura	nome feminino	pas|[tu]|ra
pastural	adjetivo	pas|tu|[ral]
pata	nome feminino	[pa]|ta
pata-choca	nome feminino	pa|ta-cho|ca
pata-choca	nome masculino	pa|ta-cho|ca
pata-de-cavalo	nome masculino	pa|ta-de-ca|[va]|lo
pata-de-lobo	nome masculino	pa|ta-de-lo|bo
pata-de-lobo	nome feminino	pa|ta-de-lo|bo
pata-galharda	nome feminino	pa|ta-ga|[lhar]|da
pata-roxa	nome feminino	pa|ta-ro|xa
pataca	nome feminino	pa|[ta]|ca
patacão	nome masculino	pa|ta|[cão]
patacaria	nome feminino	pa|ta|ca|[ri]|a
patachim	nome masculino	pa|ta|[chim]
patacho	nome masculino	pa|[ta]|cho
pataco	nome masculino	pa|[ta]|co
patacoa	nome feminino	pa|ta|[co]|a
patacoada	nome feminino	pa|ta|co|[a]|da
patacoada	nome masculino	pa|ta|co|[a]|da
patacudo	adjetivo	pa|ta|[cu]|do
patada	nome feminino	pa|[ta]|da
patado	adjetivo	pa|[ta]|do
patagão	adjetivo	pa|ta|[gão]
patagão	nome masculino	pa|ta|[gão]
patagarro	nome masculino	pa|ta|[gar]|ro
patágio	nome masculino	pa|[tá]|gi|o
patagónia	nome feminino	pa|ta|[gó]|ni|a
patagónico	adjetivo	pa|ta|[gó]|ni|co
patagônico	adjetivo	pa|ta|[gô]|ni|co
patagónio	adjetivo	pa|ta|[gó]|ni|o
patagónio	nome masculino	pa|ta|[gó]|ni|o
patagônio	adjetivo	pa|ta|[gô]|ni|o
patagônio	nome masculino	pa|ta|[gô]|ni|o
pataia	nome feminino	pa|[tai]|a
patálio	adjetivo	pa|[tá]|li|o
patálio	nome masculino	pa|[tá]|li|o
patalitano	nome masculino	pa|ta|li|[ta]|no
patalitano	adjetivo	pa|ta|li|[ta]|no
pataloto	adjetivo	pa|ta|[lo]|to
pataloto	nome masculino	pa|ta|[lo]|to
pataluco	nome masculino	pa|ta|[lu]|co
patamar	nome masculino	pa|ta|[mar]
patamarim	nome masculino	pa|ta|ma|[rim]
patamaz	nome masculino	pa|ta|[maz]
patameira	nome feminino	pa|ta|[mei]|ra
patameiro	nome masculino	pa|ta|[mei]|ro
patana	nome feminino	pa|[ta]|na
patane	adjetivo	pa|[ta]|ne
patane	nome masculino	pa|[ta]|ne
patane	nome feminino	pa|[ta]|ne
patangatim	nome masculino	pa|tan|ga|[tim]
patanisca	nome feminino	pa|ta|[nis]|ca
patão	nome masculino	pa|[tão]
pataqueira	nome feminino	pa|ta|[quei]|ra
pataqueiro	adjetivo	pa|ta|[quei]|ro
pataqueiro	nome masculino	pa|ta|[quei]|ro
pataranha	nome masculino	pa|ta|[ra]|nha
pataranha	nome feminino	pa|ta|[ra]|nha
patarano	adjetivo	pa|ta|[ra]|no
patarano	nome masculino	pa|ta|[ra]|no
patarata	nome feminino	pa|ta|[ra]|ta
patarata	adjetivo	pa|ta|[ra]|ta
patarata	nome masculino	pa|ta|[ra]|ta
pataratada	nome feminino	pa|ta|ra|[ta]|da
pataratar	verbo	pa|ta|ra|[tar]
pataratear	verbo	pa|ta|ra|te|[ar]
patarateiro	adjetivo	pa|ta|ra|[tei]|ro
patarateiro	nome masculino	pa|ta|ra|[tei]|ro
pataratice	nome feminino	pa|ta|ra|[ti]|ce
pataratismo	nome masculino	pa|ta|ra|[tis]|mo
patareca	nome feminino	pa|ta|[re]|ca
patareco	nome masculino	pa|ta|[re]|co
patareu	adjetivo	pa|ta|[reu]
patareu	nome masculino	pa|ta|[reu]
pataréu	nome masculino	pa|ta|[réu]
pataroca	nome feminino	pa|ta|[ro]|ca
pataroco	adjetivo	pa|ta|[ro]|co
pataroco	nome masculino	pa|ta|[ro]|co
patarral	nome masculino	pa|tar|[ral]
patarrás	nome masculino	pa|tar|[rás]
patarreca	nome masculino	pa|tar|[re]|ca
patarreca	nome feminino	pa|tar|[re]|ca
patarreco	nome masculino	pa|tar|[re]|co
patarrega	nome feminino	pa|tar|[re]|ga
patarrego	nome masculino	pa|tar|[re]|go
patassol	nome masculino	pa|tas|[sol]
patativa	nome feminino	pa|ta|[ti]|va
patativo	nome masculino	pa|ta|[ti]|vo
patatrás	interjeição	pa|ta|[trás]
