patrense	adjetivo	pa|[tren]|se
patrense	nome feminino	pa|[tren]|se
pátria	nome feminino	[pá]|tri|a
patrial	adjetivo	pa|tri|[al]
patriarca	nome masculino	pa|tri|[ar]|ca
patriarcado	nome masculino	pa|tri|ar|[ca]|do
patriarcal	nome feminino	pa|tri|ar|[cal]
patriarcal	adjetivo	pa|tri|ar|[cal]
patriarcalismo	nome masculino	pa|tri|ar|ca|[lis]|mo
patriarcalista	adjetivo	pa|tri|ar|ca|[lis]|ta
patriarcalista	nome masculino	pa|tri|ar|ca|[lis]|ta
patriarcalista	nome feminino	pa|tri|ar|ca|[lis]|ta
patriarcalmente	advérbio	pa|tri|ar|cal|[men]|te
patriarquia	nome feminino	pa|tri|ar|[qui]|a
patriárquico	adjetivo	pa|tri|[ár]|qui|co
patriarquismo	nome masculino	pa|tri|ar|[quis]|mo
patrícia	nome feminino	pa|[trí]|ci|a
patriciado	nome masculino	pa|tri|ci|[a]|do
patriciato	nome masculino	pa|tri|ci|[a]|to
patrício	nome masculino	pa|[trí]|ci|o
patrício	adjetivo	pa|[trí]|ci|o
patridofilia	nome feminino	pa|tri|do|fi|[li]|a
patridófilo	adjetivo	pa|tri|[dó]|fi|lo
patridófilo	nome masculino	pa|tri|[dó]|fi|lo
patridofobia	nome feminino	pa|tri|do|fo|[bi]|a
patridófobo	adjetivo	pa|tri|[dó]|fo|bo
patridófobo	nome masculino	pa|tri|[dó]|fo|bo
patrilateral	adjetivo	pa|tri|la|te|[ral]
patrilinear	adjetivo	pa|tri|li|ne|[ar]
patrilocal	adjetivo	pa|tri|lo|[cal]
patrilocalidade	nome feminino	pa|tri|lo|ca|li|[da]|de
patrimoniado	adjetivo	pa|tri|mo|ni|[a]|do
patrimonial	adjetivo	pa|tri|mo|ni|[al]
patrimonialmente	advérbio	pa|tri|mo|ni|al|[men]|te
património	nome masculino	pa|tri|[mó]|ni|o
patrimônio	nome masculino	pa|tri|[mô]|ni|o
patrínia	nome feminino	pa|[trí]|ni|a
pátrio	adjetivo	[pá]|tri|o
patriofilia	nome feminino	pa|tri|o|fi|[li]|a
patriófilo	adjetivo	pa|tri|[ó]|fi|lo
patriófilo	nome masculino	pa|tri|[ó]|fi|lo
patriofobia	nome feminino	pa|tri|o|fo|[bi]|a
patriófobo	adjetivo	pa|tri|[ó]|fo|bo
patriófobo	nome masculino	pa|tri|[ó]|fo|bo
patriota	adjetivo	pa|tri|[o]|ta
patriota	nome masculino	pa|tri|[o]|ta
patriota	nome feminino	pa|tri|[o]|ta
patriotada	nome feminino	pa|tri|o|[ta]|da
patriotagem	nome feminino	pa|tri|o|[ta]|gem
patrioteira	nome feminino	pa|tri|o|[tei]|ra
patrioteiramente	advérbio	pa|tri|o|tei|ra|[men]|te
patrioteirismo	nome masculino	pa|tri|o|tei|[ris]|mo
patrioteiro	nome masculino	pa|tri|o|[tei]|ro
patrioteiro	adjetivo	pa|tri|o|[tei]|ro
patrioticamente	advérbio	pa|tri|o|ti|ca|[men]|te
patriotice	nome feminino	pa|tri|o|[ti]|ce
patriótico	adjetivo	pa|tri|[ó]|ti|co
patriotismo	nome masculino	pa|tri|o|[tis]|mo
patriotista	adjetivo	pa|tri|o|[tis]|ta
patriotista	nome masculino	pa|tri|o|[tis]|ta
patriotista	nome feminino	pa|tri|o|[tis]|ta
patrística	nome feminino	pa|[trís]|ti|ca
patrístico	adjetivo	pa|[trís]|ti|co
patrizar	verbo	pa|tri|[zar]
patroa	nome feminino	pa|[tro]|a
patrocinado	adjetivo	pa|tro|ci|[na]|do
patrocinador	adjetivo	pa|tro|ci|na|[dor]
patrocinador	nome masculino	pa|tro|ci|na|[dor]
patrocinadora	nome feminino	pa|tro|ci|na|[do]|ra
patrocinante	adjetivo	pa|tro|ci|[nan]|te
patrocinar	verbo	pa|tro|ci|[nar]
patrocinato	nome masculino	pa|tro|ci|[na]|to
patrocínio	nome masculino	pa|tro|[cí]|ni|o
patróclino	adjetivo	pa|[tró]|cli|no
patrologia	nome feminino	pa|tro|lo|[gi]|a
patrológico	adjetivo	pa|tro|[ló]|gi|co
patrologista	nome masculino	pa|tro|lo|[gis]|ta
patrologista	nome feminino	pa|tro|lo|[gis]|ta
patrólogo	nome masculino	pa|[tró]|lo|go
patrona	nome feminino	pa|[tro]|na
patronado	nome masculino	pa|tro|[na]|do
patronagem	nome feminino	pa|tro|[na]|gem
patronal	adjetivo	pa|tro|[nal]
patronato	nome masculino	pa|tro|[na]|to
patronear	verbo	pa|tro|ne|[ar]
patronímia	nome feminino	pa|tro|[ní]|mi|a
patronímico	adjetivo	pa|tro|[ní]|mi|co
patronímico	nome masculino	pa|tro|[ní]|mi|co
patrónimo	nome masculino	pa|[tró]|ni|mo
patrônimo	nome masculino	pa|[trô]|ni|mo
patronizar	verbo	pa|tro|ni|[zar]
patrono	nome masculino	pa|[tro]|no
patruça	nome feminino	pa|[tru]|ça
patrúcia	nome feminino	pa|[trú]|ci|a
patruicida	adjetivo	pa|trui|[ci]|da
patruicida	nome masculino	pa|trui|[ci]|da
patruicida	nome feminino	pa|trui|[ci]|da
patruicídio	nome masculino	pa|tru|i|[cí]|di|o
patrulha	nome feminino	pa|[tru]|lha
patrulhado	adjetivo	pa|tru|[lha]|do
