pedagogicamente	advérbio	pe|da|go|gi|ca|[men]|te
pedagogice	nome feminino	pe|da|go|[gi]|ce
pedagógico	adjetivo	pe|da|[gó]|gi|co
pedagogismo	nome masculino	pe|da|go|[gis]|mo
pedagogista	nome masculino	pe|da|go|[gis]|ta
pedagogista	nome feminino	pe|da|go|[gis]|ta
pedagogo	nome masculino	pe|da|[go]|go
pedal	nome masculino	pe|[dal]
pedalada	nome feminino	pe|da|[la]|da
pedalagem	nome feminino	pe|da|[la]|gem
pedalar	verbo	pe|da|[lar]
pedaleira	nome feminino	pe|da|[lei]|ra
pedaleiro	adjetivo	pe|da|[lei]|ro
pedaleiro	nome masculino	pe|da|[lei]|ro
pedalfer	nome masculino	pe|dal|[fer]
pedália	nome feminino	pe|[dá]|li|a
pedaliácea	nome feminino	pe|da|li|[á]|ce|a
pedaliáceo	adjetivo	pe|da|li|[á]|ce|o
pedálico	adjetivo	pe|[dá]|li|co
pedalífido	adjetivo	pe|da|[lí]|fi|do
pedaliforme	adjetivo	pe|da|li|[for]|me
pedalinérveo	adjetivo	pe|da|li|[nér]|ve|o
pedalização	nome feminino	pe|da|li|za|[ção]
pedâneo	adjetivo	pe|[dâ]|ne|o
pedano	adjetivo	pe|[da]|no
pedano	nome masculino	pe|[da]|no
pedantaria	nome feminino	pe|dan|ta|[ri]|a
pedante	adjetivo	pe|[dan]|te
pedante	nome masculino	pe|[dan]|te
pedante	nome feminino	pe|[dan]|te
pedantear	verbo	pe|dan|te|[ar]
pedantescamente	advérbio	pe|dan|tes|ca|[men]|te
pedantesco	adjetivo	pe|dan|[tes]|co
pedantice	nome feminino	pe|dan|[ti]|ce
pedantismo	nome masculino	pe|dan|[tis]|mo
pedantocracia	nome feminino	pe|dan|to|cra|[ci]|a
pedantocrático	adjetivo	pe|dan|to|[crá]|ti|co
pedantório	nome masculino	pe|dan|[tó]|ri|o
pedária	nome feminino	pe|[dá]|ri|a
pedarquia	nome feminino	pe|dar|[qui]|a
pedárquico	adjetivo	pe|[dár]|qui|co
pedartrocacia	nome feminino	pe|dar|tro|ca|[ci]|a
pedatilobado	adjetivo	pe|da|ti|lo|[ba]|do
pedatipartido	adjetivo	pe|da|ti|par|[ti]|do
pedauca	nome feminino	pe|[dau]|ca
pederasta	nome masculino	pe|de|[ras]|ta
pederastia	nome feminino	pe|de|ras|[ti]|a
pedernal	nome masculino	pe|der|[nal]
pedernal	adjetivo	pe|der|[nal]
pedernão	nome masculino	pe|der|[não]
pederneira	nome feminino	pe|der|[nei]|ra
pederote	nome masculino	pe|de|[ro]|te
pedestal	nome masculino	pe|des|[tal]
pedestre	adjetivo	pe|[des]|tre
pedestre	nome masculino	pe|[des]|tre
pedestre	nome feminino	pe|[des]|tre
pedestremente	advérbio	pe|des|tre|[men]|te
pedestrianismo	nome masculino	pe|des|tri|a|[nis]|mo
pedestrianista	nome masculino	pe|des|tri|a|[nis]|ta
pedestrianista	adjetivo	pe|des|tri|a|[nis]|ta
pedestrianista	nome feminino	pe|des|tri|a|[nis]|ta
pedestriano	nome masculino	pe|des|tri|[a]|no
pedialgia	nome feminino	pe|di|al|[gi]|a
pediálgico	adjetivo	pe|di|[ál]|gi|co
pediário	adjetivo	pe|di|[á]|ri|o
pediatra	nome masculino	pe|di|[a]|tra
pediatra	nome feminino	pe|di|[a]|tra
pediatria	nome feminino	pe|di|a|[tri]|a
pediátrico	adjetivo	pe|di|[á]|tri|co
pediatro	nome masculino	pe|di|[a]|tro
pedicelado	adjetivo	pe|di|ce|[la]|do
pedicelário	nome masculino	pe|di|ce|[lá]|ri|o
pedicelo	nome masculino	pe|di|[ce]|lo
pedicélulo	nome masculino	pe|di|[cé]|lu|lo
pediculado	adjetivo	pe|di|cu|[la]|do
pedicular	adjetivo	pe|di|cu|[lar]
pediculária	nome feminino	pe|di|cu|[lá]|ri|a
pediculídeo	nome masculino	pe|di|cu|[lí]|de|o
pediculídeo	nome masculino	pe|di|cu|[lí]|de|o
pediculídeo	adjetivo	pe|di|cu|[lí]|de|o
pedículo	nome masculino	pe|[dí]|cu|lo
pediculose	nome feminino	pe|di|cu|[lo]|se
pedicura	nome feminino	pe|di|[cu]|ra
pédicure	nome feminino	[pé]|di|cu|re
pedicuro	nome masculino	pe|di|[cu]|ro
pedida	nome feminino	pe|[di]|da
pedido	nome masculino	pe|[di]|do
pedido	adjetivo	pe|[di]|do
pedidor	adjetivo	pe|di|[dor]
pedidor	nome masculino	pe|di|[dor]
pedífero	adjetivo	pe|[dí]|fe|ro
pediforme	adjetivo	pe|di|[for]|me
pedigolho	adjetivo	pe|di|[go]|lho
pedigolho	nome masculino	pe|di|[go]|lho
pedigonho	adjetivo	pe|di|[go]|nho
pedigonho	nome masculino	pe|di|[go]|nho
pedigree	nome masculino	pe|di|gree
pedilanto	nome masculino	pe|di|[lan]|to
pedilóforo	nome masculino	pe|di|[ló]|fo|ro
pedilúvio	nome masculino	pe|di|[lú]|vi|o
