pedra-ume	nome feminino	pe|dra-u|me
pedraço	nome masculino	pe|[dra]|ço
pedrada	nome feminino	pe|[dra]|da
pedrado	nome masculino	pe|[dra]|do
pedrado	adjetivo	pe|[dra]|do
pedral	adjetivo	pe|[dral]
pedral	nome masculino	pe|[dral]
pedranceira	nome feminino	pe|dran|[cei]|ra
pedrão	nome masculino	pe|[drão]
pedrar	verbo	pe|[drar]
pedraria	nome feminino	pe|dra|[ri]|a
pedregal	nome masculino	pe|dre|[gal]
pedregoso	adjetivo	pe|dre|[go]|so
pedreguento	adjetivo	pe|dre|[guen]|to
pedregulhento	adjetivo	pe|dre|gu|[lhen]|to
pedregulho	nome masculino	pe|dre|[gu]|lho
pedreira	nome feminino	pe|[drei]|ra
pedreirada	nome feminino	pe|drei|[ra]|da
pedreiral	adjetivo	pe|drei|[ral]
pedreirice	nome feminino	pe|drei|[ri]|ce
pedreirinho	nome masculino	pe|drei|[ri]|nho
pedreiro	nome masculino	pe|[drei]|ro
pedreiro-livre	nome masculino	pe|drei|ro-li|vre
pedreneira	nome feminino	pe|dre|[nei]|ra
pedrento	adjetivo	pe|[dren]|to
pedrês	adjetivo	pe|[drês]
pedrês	nome masculino	pe|[drês]
pedrinha	nome feminino	pe|[dri]|nha
pedrinha na boca	nome feminino	pe|[dri]|nha na bo|ca
pedrinhas	nome feminino	pe|[dri]|nhas
pedrinho	adjetivo	pe|[dri]|nho
pedrisco	nome masculino	pe|[dris]|co
pedriscoso	adjetivo	pe|dris|[co]|so
pedrista	nome masculino	pe|[dris]|ta
pedrista	nome feminino	pe|[dris]|ta
pedro-quinto	nome masculino	pe|dro-quin|to
pedroguense	adjetivo	pe|dro|[guen]|se
pedroguense	nome masculino	pe|dro|[guen]|se
pedroguense	nome feminino	pe|dro|[guen]|se
pedroiço	nome masculino	pe|[droi]|ço
pedrosito	nome masculino	pe|dro|[si]|to
pedroso	adjetivo	pe|[dro]|so
pedrouço	nome masculino	pe|[drou]|ço
pedrulho	nome masculino	pe|[dru]|lho
pedunculado	adjetivo	pe|dun|cu|[la]|do
pedunculano	adjetivo	pe|dun|cu|[la]|no
peduncular	adjetivo	pe|dun|cu|[lar]
pedúnculo	nome masculino	pe|[dún]|cu|lo
pedunculoso	adjetivo	pe|dun|cu|[lo]|so
peeira	nome feminino	pe|[ei]|ra
peeiro	nome masculino	pe|[ei]|ro
pega	nome feminino	[pe]|ga
pega	nome masculino	[pe]|ga
pega	interjeição	[pe]|ga
pega-cuca	nome feminino	pe|ga-cu|ca
pega-do-mar	nome feminino	pe|ga-do-mar
pega-flor	nome masculino	pe|ga-flor
pega-fogo	nome masculino	pe|ga-fo|go
pega-mosca	nome feminino	pe|ga-mos|ca
pega-pega	nome feminino	pe|ga-pe|ga
pega-pega	nome masculino	pe|ga-pe|ga
pega-pega-mosca	nome feminino	pe|ga-pe|ga-mos|ca
pega-pinto	nome masculino	pe|ga-pin|to
pega-rabuda	nome feminino	pe|ga-ra|[bu]|da
pega-rapaz	nome masculino	pe|ga-ra|[paz]
pega-ratos	nome feminino	pe|ga-ra|tos
pega-real	nome feminino	pe|ga-re|[al]
pega-tudo	nome masculino	pe|ga-tu|do
pegacho	adjetivo	pe|[ga]|cho
pegacho	nome masculino	pe|[ga]|cho
pegada	nome feminino	pe|[ga]|da
pegadeira	nome feminino	pe|ga|[dei]|ra
pegadiço	adjetivo	pe|ga|[di]|ço
pegadilha	nome feminino	pe|ga|[di]|lha
pegado	adjetivo	pe|[ga]|do
pegadoiro	nome masculino	pe|ga|[doi]|ro
pegador	adjetivo	pe|ga|[dor]
pegador	nome masculino	pe|ga|[dor]
pegadouro	nome masculino	pe|ga|[dou]|ro
pegadura	nome feminino	pe|ga|[du]|ra
pegajento	adjetivo	pe|ga|[jen]|to
pegajoso	adjetivo	pe|ga|[jo]|so
pegalhoso	adjetivo	pe|ga|[lho]|so
pegamassa	nome feminino	pe|ga|[mas]|sa
pegamasso	nome masculino	pe|ga|[mas]|so
pegamento	nome masculino	pe|ga|[men]|to
pegamoide	nome masculino	pe|ga|[moi]|de
peganhar	verbo	pe|ga|[nhar]
peganhento	adjetivo	pe|ga|[nhen]|to
peganho	nome masculino	pe|[ga]|nho
peganhoso	adjetivo	pe|ga|[nho]|so
pegão	nome masculino	pe|[gão]
pegar	verbo	pe|[gar]
pegas	nome masculino	[pe]|gas
pegáseo	adjetivo	pe|[gá]|se|o
pegaseu	adjetivo	pe|ga|[seu]
pegasiano	adjetivo	pe|ga|si|[a]|no
pegma	nome masculino	[peg]|ma
pegmático	adjetivo	peg|[má]|ti|co
pegmatina	nome feminino	peg|ma|[ti]|na
