pensadura	nome feminino	pen|sa|[du]|ra
pensamento	nome masculino	pen|sa|[men]|to
pensante	adjetivo	pen|[san]|te
pensão	nome feminino	pen|[são]
pensar	verbo	pen|[sar]
pensar	nome masculino	pen|[sar]
pensativamente	advérbio	pen|sa|ti|va|[men]|te
pensativo	adjetivo	pen|sa|[ti]|vo
pensável	adjetivo	pen|[sá]|vel
penseroso	adjetivo	pen|se|[ro]|so
pênsil	adjetivo	[pên]|sil
pensilvaniano	adjetivo	pen|sil|va|ni|[a]|no
pensilvano	adjetivo	pen|sil|[va]|no
pensilvano	nome masculino	pen|sil|[va]|no
pensionado	adjetivo	pen|si|o|[na]|do
pensionado	nome masculino	pen|si|o|[na]|do
pensional	adjetivo	pen|si|o|[nal]
pensionar	verbo	pen|si|o|[nar]
pensionário	nome masculino	pen|si|o|[ná]|ri|o
pensionário	adjetivo	pen|si|o|[ná]|ri|o
pensionato	nome masculino	pen|si|o|[na]|to
pensioneiro	adjetivo	pen|si|o|[nei]|ro
pensionista	adjetivo	pen|si|o|[nis]|ta
pensionista	nome masculino	pen|si|o|[nis]|ta
pensionista	nome feminino	pen|si|o|[nis]|ta
penso	adjetivo	[pen]|so
penso	nome masculino	[pen]|so
pensoso	adjetivo	pen|[so]|so
penta	nome masculino	[pen]|ta
pentacarpo	adjetivo	pen|ta|[car]|po
pentacêntrico	adjetivo	pen|ta|[cên]|tri|co
pentacórdio	nome masculino	pen|ta|[cór]|di|o
pentacordo	nome masculino	pen|ta|[cor]|do
pentacosiarco	nome masculino	pen|ta|co|si|[ar]|co
pentacosiarquia	nome feminino	pen|ta|co|si|ar|[qui]|a
pentacósmia	nome feminino	pen|ta|[cós]|mi|a
pentacróstico	nome masculino	pen|ta|[crós]|ti|co
pentáculo	nome masculino	pen|[tá]|cu|lo
pentadáctilo	adjetivo	pen|ta|[dác]|ti|lo
pentadátilo	adjetivo	pen|ta|[dá]|ti|lo
pentadecagonal	adjetivo	pen|ta|de|ca|go|[nal]
pentadecágono	nome masculino	pen|ta|de|[cá]|go|no
pentadelfo	adjetivo	pen|ta|[del]|fo
pentaédrico	adjetivo	pen|ta|[é]|dri|co
pentaedro	nome masculino	pen|ta|[e]|dro
pentaetéride	nome feminino	pen|ta|e|[té]|ri|de
pentafilo	adjetivo	pen|ta|[fi]|lo
pentaginia	nome feminino	pen|ta|gi|[ni]|a
pentagínia	nome feminino	pen|ta|[gí]|ni|a
pentágino	adjetivo	pen|[tá]|gi|no
pentagonal	adjetivo	pen|ta|go|[nal]
pentágono	nome masculino	pen|[tá]|go|no
pentagrafia	nome feminino	pen|ta|gra|[fi]|a
pentágrafo	nome masculino	pen|[tá]|gra|fo
pentagrama	nome masculino	pen|ta|[gra]|ma
pentaídrico	adjetivo	pen|ta|[í]|dri|co
pental	nome masculino	pen|[tal]
pentalépide	adjetivo	pen|ta|[lé]|pi|de
pentâmere	adjetivo	pen|[tâ]|me|re
pentâmere	nome masculino	pen|[tâ]|me|re
pentâmero	adjetivo	pen|[tâ]|me|ro
pentâmero	nome masculino	pen|[tâ]|me|ro
pentâmetro	nome masculino	pen|[tâ]|me|tro
pentâmetro	adjetivo	pen|[tâ]|me|tro
pentamina	nome feminino	pen|ta|[mi]|na
pentandria	nome feminino	pen|tan|[dri]|a
pentândria	nome feminino	pen|[tân]|dri|a
pentandro	adjetivo	pen|[tan]|dro
pentangular	adjetivo	pen|tan|gu|[lar]
pentano	nome masculino	pen|[ta]|no
pentantéreo	adjetivo	pen|tan|[té]|re|o
pentantero	adjetivo	pen|tan|[te]|ro
pentanto	nome masculino	pen|[tan]|to
pentapétalo	adjetivo	pen|ta|[pé]|ta|lo
pentaplostémone	adjetivo	pen|ta|plos|[té]|mo|ne
pentaplostêmone	adjetivo	pen|ta|plos|[tê]|mo|ne
pentápode	nome masculino	pen|[tá]|po|de
pentapodia	nome feminino	pen|ta|po|[di]|a
pentápole	nome feminino	pen|[tá]|po|le
pentapolitano	nome masculino	pen|ta|po|li|[ta]|no
pentapolitano	adjetivo	pen|ta|po|li|[ta]|no
pentaprisma	nome masculino	pen|ta|[pris]|ma
pentáptera	nome feminino	pen|[táp]|te|ra
pentáptero	adjetivo	pen|[táp]|te|ro
pentaptoto	adjetivo	pen|tap|[to]|to
pentarca	nome masculino	pen|[tar]|ca
pentarcado	nome masculino	pen|tar|[ca]|do
pentarquia	nome feminino	pen|tar|[qui]|a
pentárquico	adjetivo	pen|[tár]|qui|co
pentarreme	nome feminino	pen|tar|[re]|me
pentaspermo	adjetivo	pen|tas|[per]|mo
pentassépalo	adjetivo	pen|tas|[sé]|pa|lo
pentassilábico	adjetivo	pen|tas|si|[lá]|bi|co
pentassílabo	adjetivo	pen|tas|[sí]|la|bo
pentassílabo	nome masculino	pen|tas|[sí]|la|bo
pentastilo	adjetivo	pen|tas|[ti]|lo
pentastilo	nome masculino	pen|tas|[ti]|lo
pentástomo	adjetivo	pen|[tás]|to|mo
pentástomo	nome masculino	pen|[tás]|to|mo
pentatiônico	adjetivo	pen|ta|ti|[ô]|ni|co
