percloreto	nome masculino	per|clo|[re]|to
perclórico	adjetivo	per|[cló]|ri|co
percluso	adjetivo	per|[clu]|so
percócio	adjetivo	per|[có]|ci|o
percócio	nome masculino	per|[có]|ci|o
percoide	adjetivo	per|[coi]|de
percolação	nome feminino	per|co|la|[ção]
percolar	verbo	per|co|[lar]
percorrer	verbo	per|cor|[rer]
percósia	nome feminino	per|[có]|si|a
percuciência	nome feminino	per|cu|ci|[ên]|ci|a
percuciente	adjetivo	per|cu|ci|[en]|te
perculso	adjetivo	per|[cul]|so
percurso	nome masculino	per|[cur]|so
percursor	adjetivo	per|cur|[sor]
percursor	nome masculino	per|cur|[sor]
percussão	nome feminino	per|cus|[são]
percussionismo	nome masculino	per|cus|si|o|[nis]|mo
percussionista	nome masculino	per|cus|si|o|[nis]|ta
percussionista	nome feminino	per|cus|si|o|[nis]|ta
percussionístico	adjetivo	per|cus|si|o|[nís]|ti|co
percussivo	adjetivo	per|cus|[si]|vo
percussor	nome masculino	per|cus|[sor]
percussor	adjetivo	per|cus|[sor]
percussora	nome feminino	per|cus|[so]|ra
percutâneo	adjetivo	per|cu|[tâ]|ne|o
percutidor	adjetivo	per|cu|ti|[dor]
percutidor	nome masculino	per|cu|ti|[dor]
percutir	verbo	per|cu|[tir]
percutível	adjetivo	per|cu|[tí]|vel
percutor	nome masculino	per|cu|[tor]
perda	nome feminino	[per]|da
perdão	nome masculino	per|[dão]
perdão	interjeição	per|[dão]
perde-ganha	nome masculino	per|de-ga|nha
perdediço	adjetivo	per|de|[di]|ço
perdedor	adjetivo	per|de|[dor]
perdedor	nome masculino	per|de|[dor]
perdedora	nome feminino	per|de|[do]|ra
perdente	adjetivo	per|[den]|te
perdente	nome masculino	per|[den]|te
perder	verbo	per|[der]
perdição	nome feminino	per|di|[ção]
perdicense	nome masculino	per|di|[cen]|se
perdicense	adjetivo	per|di|[cen]|se
perdicense	nome feminino	per|di|[cen]|se
perdíceo	adjetivo	per|[dí]|ce|o
perdida	nome feminino	per|[di]|da
perdidamente	advérbio	per|di|da|[men]|te
perdidiço	adjetivo	per|di|[di]|ço
perdidinha	nome feminino	per|di|[di]|nha
perdidinho	adjetivo	per|di|[di]|nho
perdidinho	nome masculino	per|di|[di]|nho
perdido	nome masculino	per|[di]|do
perdido	adjetivo	per|[di]|do
perdidoso	adjetivo	per|di|[do]|so
perdigão	nome masculino	per|di|[gão]
perdigotar	verbo	per|di|go|[tar]
perdigoto	nome masculino	per|di|[go]|to
perdigueira	nome feminino	per|di|[guei]|ra
perdigueiro	nome masculino	per|di|[guei]|ro
perdigueiro	adjetivo	per|di|[guei]|ro
perdimento	nome masculino	per|di|[men]|to
perdível	adjetivo	per|[dí]|vel
perdiz	nome feminino	per|[diz]
perdiz-cinzenta	nome feminino	per|diz-cin|[zen]|ta
perdiz-do-mar	nome feminino	per|diz-do-mar
perdiz-do-norte	nome feminino	per|diz-do-nor|te
perdizada	nome feminino	per|di|[za]|da
perdizite	nome feminino	per|di|[zi]|te
perdoador	adjetivo	per|do|a|[dor]
perdoador	nome masculino	per|do|a|[dor]
perdoança	nome feminino	per|do|[an]|ça
perdoar	verbo	per|do|[ar]
perdoável	adjetivo	per|do|[á]|vel
perdulária	nome feminino	per|du|[lá]|ri|a
perdulariamente	advérbio	per|du|la|ri|a|[men]|te
perdulariar	verbo	per|du|la|ri|[ar]
perdulário	adjetivo	per|du|[lá]|ri|o
perdulário	nome masculino	per|du|[lá]|ri|o
perdularismo	nome masculino	per|du|la|[ris]|mo
perdurabilidade	nome feminino	per|du|ra|bi|li|[da]|de
perduração	nome feminino	per|du|ra|[ção]
perdurante	adjetivo	per|du|[ran]|te
perdurar	verbo	per|du|[rar]
perdurável	adjetivo	per|du|[rá]|vel
perduravelmente	advérbio	per|du|ra|vel|[men]|te
pereba	nome feminino	pe|[re]|ba
perebento	adjetivo	pe|re|[ben]|to
perecedoira	nome feminino	pe|re|ce|[doi]|ra
perecedoiro	adjetivo	pe|re|ce|[doi]|ro
perecedoiro	nome masculino	pe|re|ce|[doi]|ro
perecedor	adjetivo	pe|re|ce|[dor]
perecedouro	adjetivo	pe|re|ce|[dou]|ro
perecer	verbo	pe|re|[cer]
perecimento	nome masculino	pe|re|ci|[men]|to
perecível	adjetivo	pe|re|[cí]|vel
peregrina	nome feminino	pe|re|[gri]|na
peregrinação	nome feminino	pe|re|gri|na|[ção]
peregrinador	adjetivo	pe|re|gri|na|[dor]
