perfilhamento	nome masculino	per|fi|lha|[men]|to
perfilhante	nome masculino	per|fi|[lhan]|te
perfilhante	nome feminino	per|fi|[lhan]|te
perfilhar	verbo	per|fi|[lhar]
perfilhável	adjetivo	per|fi|[lhá]|vel
perfinca	nome feminino	per|[fin]|ca
perfloração	nome feminino	per|flo|ra|[ção]
perfolhada	nome feminino	per|fo|[lha]|da
perfolhado	adjetivo	per|fo|[lha]|do
perfolheação	nome feminino	per|fo|lhe|a|[ção]
perfoliação	nome feminino	per|fo|li|a|[ção]
performance	nome feminino	per|for|man|ce
performativo	adjetivo	per|for|ma|[ti]|vo
performer	nome masculino	per|for|mer
perfrigeração	nome feminino	per|fri|ge|ra|[ção]
perfulgência	nome feminino	per|ful|[gên]|ci|a
perfulgente	adjetivo	per|ful|[gen]|te
perfumado	adjetivo	per|fu|[ma]|do
perfumador	nome masculino	per|fu|ma|[dor]
perfumador	adjetivo	per|fu|ma|[dor]
perfumadura	nome feminino	per|fu|ma|[du]|ra
perfumante	adjetivo	per|fu|[man]|te
perfumar	verbo	per|fu|[mar]
perfumaria	nome feminino	per|fu|ma|[ri]|a
perfumável	adjetivo	per|fu|[má]|vel
perfume	nome masculino	per|[fu]|me
perfumismo	nome masculino	per|fu|[mis]|mo
perfumista	nome masculino	per|fu|[mis]|ta
perfumista	nome feminino	per|fu|[mis]|ta
perfumoso	adjetivo	per|fu|[mo]|so
perfunctoriamente	advérbio	per|func|to|ri|a|[men]|te
perfunctório	adjetivo	per|func|[tó]|ri|o
perfuntoriamente	advérbio	per|fun|to|ri|a|[men]|te
perfuntório	adjetivo	per|fun|[tó]|ri|o
perfuração	nome feminino	per|fu|ra|[ção]
perfurado	adjetivo	per|fu|[ra]|do
perfurador	adjetivo	per|fu|ra|[dor]
perfurador	nome masculino	per|fu|ra|[dor]
perfuradora	nome feminino	per|fu|ra|[do]|ra
perfurante	adjetivo	per|fu|[ran]|te
perfurar	verbo	per|fu|[rar]
perfurativo	adjetivo	per|fu|ra|[ti]|vo
perfuratriz	nome feminino	per|fu|ra|[triz]
perfurável	adjetivo	per|fu|[rá]|vel
perfusão	nome feminino	per|fu|[são]
perfuso	adjetivo	per|[fu]|so
pergameno	nome masculino	per|ga|[me]|no
pergameno	adjetivo	per|ga|[me]|no
pergamináceo	adjetivo	per|ga|mi|[ná]|ce|o
pergaminháceo	adjetivo	per|ga|mi|[nhá]|ce|o
pergaminhado	adjetivo	per|ga|mi|[nha]|do
pergaminharia	nome feminino	per|ga|mi|nha|[ri]|a
pergaminheiro	nome masculino	per|ga|mi|[nhei]|ro
pergaminho	nome masculino	per|ga|[mi]|nho
pergaminhoso	adjetivo	per|ga|mi|[nho]|so
pergamoide	nome masculino	per|ga|[moi]|de
pergelícola	adjetivo	per|ge|[lí]|co|la
pergense	adjetivo	per|[gen]|se
pergense	nome masculino	per|[gen]|se
pergense	nome feminino	per|[gen]|se
pergeu	nome masculino	per|[geu]
pergeu	adjetivo	per|[geu]
pérgula	nome feminino	[pér]|gu|la
pergulária	nome feminino	per|gu|[lá]|ri|a
pergunta	nome feminino	per|[gun]|ta
perguntador	adjetivo	per|gun|ta|[dor]
perguntador	nome masculino	per|gun|ta|[dor]
perguntadora	nome feminino	per|gun|ta|[do]|ra
perguntante	adjetivo	per|gun|[tan]|te
perguntante	nome masculino	per|gun|[tan]|te
perguntante	nome feminino	per|gun|[tan]|te
perguntão	nome masculino	per|gun|[tão]
perguntar	verbo	per|gun|[tar]
perguntável	adjetivo	per|gun|[tá]|vel
peri	nome masculino	pe|[ri]
periaca	nome feminino	pe|ri|[a]|ca
periacto	nome masculino	pe|ri|[ac]|to
periadenite	nome feminino	pe|ri|a|de|[ni]|te
periambo	nome masculino	pe|ri|[am]|bo
perianal	adjetivo	pe|ri|a|[nal]
periândrico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[ân]|dri|co
periandro	nome masculino	pe|ri|[an]|dro
periantã	nome masculino	pe|ri|an|[tã]
periantado	adjetivo	pe|ri|an|[ta]|do
periânteo	adjetivo	pe|ri|[ân]|te|o
periântio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[ân]|ti|o
perianto	nome masculino	pe|ri|[an]|to
periapendicite	nome feminino	pe|ri|a|pen|di|[ci]|te
periapto	nome masculino	pe|ri|[ap]|to
periartério	nome masculino	pe|ri|ar|[té]|ri|o
periarterite	nome feminino	pe|ri|ar|te|[ri]|te
periartrite	nome feminino	pe|ri|ar|[tri]|te
periati	adjetivo	pe|ri|a|[ti]
periati	nome masculino	pe|ri|a|[ti]
periati	nome feminino	pe|ri|a|[ti]
peribárides	nome feminino	pe|ri|[bá]|ri|des
periblástio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[blás]|ti|o
periblasto	nome masculino	pe|ri|[blas]|to
periblema	nome masculino	pe|ri|[ble]|ma
periblepsia	nome feminino	pe|ri|blep|[si]|a
