períbolo	nome masculino	pe|[rí]|bo|lo
peribrose	nome feminino	pe|ri|[bro]|se
pericalícia	nome feminino	pe|ri|ca|[lí]|ci|a
pericárdico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[cár]|di|co
pericárdio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[cár]|di|o
pericardite	nome feminino	pe|ri|car|[di]|te
pericarpial	adjetivo	pe|ri|car|pi|[al]
pericárpico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[cár]|pi|co
pericárpio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[cár]|pi|o
pericarpo	nome masculino	pe|ri|[car]|po
pericentral	adjetivo	pe|ri|cen|[tral]
pericêntrico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[cên]|tri|co
pericerático	adjetivo	pe|ri|ce|[rá]|ti|co
perícia	nome feminino	pe|[rí]|ci|a
pericial	adjetivo	pe|ri|ci|[al]
periciclo	nome masculino	pe|ri|[ci]|clo
pericistite	nome feminino	pe|ri|cis|[ti]|te
períclase	nome feminino	pe|[rí]|cla|se
periclásio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[clá]|si|o
pericleu	adjetivo	pe|ri|[cleu]
periclina	nome feminino	pe|ri|[cli]|na
periclinal	adjetivo	pe|ri|cli|[nal]
pericliniforme	adjetivo	pe|ri|cli|ni|[for]|me
periclínio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[clí]|ni|o
periclitante	adjetivo	pe|ri|cli|[tan]|te
periclitantemente	advérbio	pe|ri|cli|tan|te|[men]|te
periclitar	verbo	pe|ri|cli|[tar]
pericolpite	nome feminino	pe|ri|col|[pi]|te
pericôndrio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[côn]|dri|o
pericondrite	nome feminino	pe|ri|con|[dri]|te
pericondro	nome masculino	pe|ri|[con]|dro
perícope	nome feminino	pe|[rí]|co|pe
pericorólia	nome feminino	pe|ri|co|[ró]|li|a
pericote	nome masculino	pe|ri|[co]|te
pericrânio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[crâ]|ni|o
periculosidade	nome feminino	pe|ri|cu|lo|si|[da]|de
peridental	adjetivo	pe|ri|den|[tal]
peridentário	adjetivo	pe|ri|den|[tá]|ri|o
periderme	nome feminino	pe|ri|[der]|me
peridérmico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[dér]|mi|co
peridésmio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[dés]|mi|o
perididimite	nome feminino	pe|ri|di|di|[mi]|te
peridídimo	nome masculino	pe|ri|[dí]|di|mo
perídio	nome masculino	pe|[rí]|di|o
peridíolo	nome masculino	pe|ri|[dí]|o|lo
peridiscal	adjetivo	pe|ri|dis|[cal]
peridótico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[dó]|ti|co
peridotite	nome feminino	pe|ri|do|[ti]|te
peridotito	nome masculino	pe|ri|do|[ti]|to
peridoto	nome masculino	pe|ri|[do]|to
peridotoso	adjetivo	pe|ri|do|[to]|so
perídromo	nome masculino	pe|[rí]|dro|mo
periduodenite	nome feminino	pe|ri|du|o|de|[ni]|te
periecos	nome masculino	pe|ri|[e]|cos
periegese	nome feminino	pe|ri|e|[ge]|se
periegético	adjetivo	pe|ri|e|[gé]|ti|co
periélio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[é]|li|o
periencefalite	nome feminino	pe|ri|en|ce|fa|[li]|te
periepatite	nome feminino	pe|ri|e|pa|[ti]|te
periérese	nome feminino	pe|ri|[é]|re|se
perierético	adjetivo	pe|ri|e|[ré]|ti|co
periergia	nome feminino	pe|ri|er|[gi]|a
periérgico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[ér]|gi|co
periesofagite	nome feminino	pe|ri|e|so|fa|[gi]|te
periferia	nome feminino	pe|ri|fe|[ri]|a
perifericamente	advérbio	pe|ri|fe|ri|ca|[men]|te
periférico	nome masculino	pe|ri|[fé]|ri|co
periférico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[fé]|ri|co
periflebite	nome feminino	pe|ri|fle|[bi]|te
perifonia	nome feminino	pe|ri|fo|[ni]|a
perifônico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[fô]|ni|co
perifónico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[fó]|ni|co
periforântio	nome masculino	pe|ri|fo|[rân]|ti|o
periforanto	nome masculino	pe|ri|fo|[ran]|to
periforme	adjetivo	pe|ri|[for]|me
períforo	nome masculino	pe|[rí]|fo|ro
perífrase	nome feminino	pe|[rí]|fra|se
perifrasear	verbo	pe|ri|fra|se|[ar]
perifrasticamente	advérbio	pe|ri|fras|ti|ca|[men]|te
perifrástico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[frás]|ti|co
perigalho	nome masculino	pe|ri|[ga]|lho
perigar	verbo	pe|ri|[gar]
perigeu	nome masculino	pe|ri|[geu]
periginândrio	nome masculino	pe|ri|gi|[nân]|dri|o
periginandro	nome masculino	pe|ri|gi|[nan]|dro
periginia	nome feminino	pe|ri|gi|[ni]|a
perigínico	adjetivo	pe|ri|[gí]|ni|co
perígino	adjetivo	pe|[rí]|gi|no
periglacial	adjetivo	pe|ri|gla|ci|[al]
perigo	nome masculino	pe|[ri]|go
perigónio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[gó]|ni|o
perigônio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[gô]|ni|o
perígono	nome masculino	pe|[rí]|go|no
perigordino	nome masculino	pe|ri|gor|[di]|no
perigordino	adjetivo	pe|ri|gor|[di]|no
perigosamente	advérbio	pe|ri|go|sa|[men]|te
perigosidade	nome feminino	pe|ri|go|si|[da]|de
perigosíssimo	adjetivo	pe|ri|go|[sís]|si|mo
perigoso	adjetivo	pe|ri|[go]|so
perígrafo	nome masculino	pe|[rí]|gra|fo
