perípato	nome masculino	pe|[rí]|pa|to
peripécia	nome feminino	pe|ri|[pé]|ci|a
peripetalia	nome feminino	pe|ri|pe|ta|[li]|a
peripetália	nome feminino	pe|ri|pe|[tá]|li|a
peripétalo	adjetivo	pe|ri|[pé]|ta|lo
peripiema	nome masculino	pe|ri|pi|[e]|ma
peripitinga	nome feminino	pe|ri|pi|[tin]|ga
peripleroma	nome masculino	pe|ri|ple|[ro]|ma
peripleurite	nome feminino	pe|ri|pleu|[ri]|te
périplo	nome masculino	[pé]|ri|plo
períploca	nome feminino	pe|[rí]|plo|ca
periplócea	nome feminino	pe|ri|[pló]|ce|a
peripneumonia	nome feminino	pe|rip|neu|mo|[ni]|a
peripneumónico	adjetivo	pe|rip|neu|[mó]|ni|co
peripneumônico	adjetivo	pe|rip|neu|[mô]|ni|co
perípode	nome masculino	pe|[rí]|po|de
peripomonga	nome feminino	pe|ri|po|[mon]|ga
periproctal	adjetivo	pe|ri|proc|[tal]
periproctite	nome feminino	pe|ri|proc|[ti]|te
periprocto	adjetivo	pe|ri|[proc]|to
periprocto	nome masculino	pe|ri|[proc]|to
periprostático	adjetivo	pe|ri|pros|[tá]|ti|co
periprostatite	nome feminino	pe|ri|pros|ta|[ti]|te
peripterado	adjetivo	pe|rip|te|[ra]|do
periptério	adjetivo	pe|rip|[té]|ri|o
períptero	adjetivo	pe|[ríp]|te|ro
períptero	nome masculino	pe|[ríp]|te|ro
periquécio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[qué]|ci|o
periquilho	nome masculino	pe|ri|[qui]|lho
periquita	nome feminino	pe|ri|[qui]|ta
periquiteira	nome feminino	pe|ri|qui|[tei]|ra
periquito	nome masculino	pe|ri|[qui]|to
periquito-de-cabeça-amarela	nome masculino	pe|ri|qui|to-de-ca|be|ça-a|ma|[re]|la
perirrectite	nome feminino	pe|rir|rec|[ti]|te
perirretite	nome feminino	pe|rir|re|[ti]|te
perisarco	nome masculino	pe|ri|[sar]|co
periscélide	nome feminino	pe|ris|[cé]|li|de
períscios	nome masculino	pe|[rís]|ci|os
períscios	adjetivo	pe|[rís]|ci|os
periscópico	adjetivo	pe|ris|[có]|pi|co
periscópio	nome masculino	pe|ris|[có]|pi|o
perisférico	nome masculino	pe|ris|[fé]|ri|co
perisperma	nome masculino	pe|ris|[per]|ma
perispermado	adjetivo	pe|ris|per|[ma]|do
perispérmico	adjetivo	pe|ris|[pér]|mi|co
perispermo	nome masculino	pe|ris|[per]|mo
perispirítico	adjetivo	pe|ris|pi|[rí]|ti|co
perispírito	nome masculino	pe|ris|[pí]|ri|to
perispiritual	adjetivo	pe|ris|pi|ri|tu|[al]
perisplenite	nome feminino	pe|ris|ple|[ni]|te
perispômeno	adjetivo	pe|ris|[pô]|me|no
perispómeno	adjetivo	pe|ris|[pó]|me|no
perispómeno	nome masculino	pe|ris|[pó]|me|no
perispômeno	nome masculino	pe|ris|[pô]|me|no
perisporângio	nome masculino	pe|ris|po|[rân]|gi|o
perisporango	nome masculino	pe|ris|po|[ran]|go
perisporiácea	nome feminino	pe|ris|po|ri|[á]|ce|a
perispório	nome masculino	pe|ris|[pó]|ri|o
perissalpingite	nome feminino	pe|ris|sal|pin|[gi]|te
perissarco	nome masculino	pe|ris|[sar]|co
perissigmoidite	nome feminino	pe|ris|sig|moi|[di]|te
perissístole	nome feminino	pe|ris|[sís]|to|le
perissistólico	adjetivo	pe|ris|sis|[tó]|li|co
perissodáctilo	nome masculino	pe|ris|so|[dác]|ti|lo
perissodáctilo	adjetivo	pe|ris|so|[dác]|ti|lo
perissodátilo	adjetivo	pe|ris|so|[dá]|ti|lo
perissodátilo	nome masculino	pe|ris|so|[dá]|ti|lo
perissologia	nome feminino	pe|ris|so|lo|[gi]|a
perissológico	adjetivo	pe|ris|so|[ló]|gi|co
perissólogo	nome masculino	pe|ris|[só]|lo|go
peristafilino	adjetivo	pe|ris|ta|fi|[li]|no
peristáltico	adjetivo	pe|ris|[tál]|ti|co
peristaltismo	nome masculino	pe|ris|tal|[tis]|mo
peristamínia	nome feminino	pe|ris|ta|[mí]|ni|a
peristáquio	nome masculino	pe|ris|[tá]|qui|o
perístase	nome feminino	pe|[rís]|ta|se
peristérida	nome masculino	pe|ris|[té]|ri|da
peristerídeo	nome masculino	pe|ris|te|[rí]|de|o
peristerídeo	nome masculino	pe|ris|te|[rí]|de|o
peristerídeo	adjetivo	pe|ris|te|[rí]|de|o
peristerite	nome feminino	pe|ris|te|[ri]|te
perístero	nome masculino	pe|[rís]|te|ro
peristétio	nome masculino	pe|ris|[té]|ti|o
peristílico	adjetivo	pe|ris|[tí]|li|co
peristilo	nome masculino	pe|ris|[ti]|lo
perístole	nome feminino	pe|[rís]|to|le
perístoma	nome masculino	pe|[rís]|to|ma
peristomado	adjetivo	pe|ris|to|[ma]|do
peristômico	adjetivo	pe|ris|[tô]|mi|co
peristómico	adjetivo	pe|ris|[tó]|mi|co
peristômio	nome masculino	pe|ris|[tô]|mi|o
peristómio	nome masculino	pe|ris|[tó]|mi|o
perístomo	nome masculino	pe|[rís]|to|mo
perita	nome feminino	pe|[ri]|ta
peritagem	nome feminino	pe|ri|[ta]|gem
peritécio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[té]|ci|o
peritélio	nome masculino	pe|ri|[té]|li|o
peritiflite	nome feminino	pe|ri|ti|[fli]|te
perito	nome masculino	pe|[ri]|to
perito	adjetivo	pe|[ri]|to
