pesável	adjetivo	pe|[sá]|vel
pesca	nome feminino	[pes]|ca
pesca-rapazes	nome masculino	pes|ca-ra|[pa]|zes
pescada	nome feminino	pes|[ca]|da
pescada-bicuda	nome feminino	pes|ca|da-bi|[cu]|da
pescada-preta	nome feminino	pes|ca|da-pre|ta
pescadaria	nome feminino	pes|ca|da|[ri]|a
pescadeira	nome feminino	pes|ca|[dei]|ra
pescadeiro	nome masculino	pes|ca|[dei]|ro
pescadinha	nome feminino	pes|ca|[di]|nha
pescado	nome masculino	pes|[ca]|do
pescado	adjetivo	pes|[ca]|do
pescado-real	nome masculino	pes|ca|do-re|[al]
pescador	adjetivo	pes|ca|[dor]
pescador	nome masculino	pes|ca|[dor]
pescadora	nome feminino	pes|ca|[do]|ra
pescanço	nome masculino	pes|[can]|ço
pescar	verbo	pes|[car]
pescarejo	adjetivo	pes|ca|[re]|jo
pescarês	adjetivo	pes|ca|[rês]
pescaria	nome feminino	pes|ca|[ri]|a
pescaz	nome masculino	pes|[caz]
pescoçada	nome feminino	pes|co|[ça]|da
pescoção	nome masculino	pes|co|[ção]
pescoceador	adjetivo	pes|co|ce|a|[dor]
pescoceador	nome masculino	pes|co|ce|a|[dor]
pescocear	verbo	pes|co|ce|[ar]
pescoceira	nome feminino	pes|co|[cei]|ra
pescoceiro	adjetivo	pes|co|[cei]|ro
pescócia	nome feminino	pes|[có]|ci|a
pescocinho	nome masculino	pes|co|[ci]|nho
pescoço	nome masculino	pes|[co]|ço
pescoço-verde	nome masculino	pes|co|ço-ver|de
pescoçudo	adjetivo	pes|co|[çu]|do
pescorência	nome feminino	pes|co|[rên]|ci|a
pescorenço	nome masculino	pes|co|[ren]|ço
pesebre	nome masculino	pe|[se]|bre
peseta	nome feminino	pe|[se]|ta
pesga	nome feminino	[pes]|ga
pesgada	nome feminino	pes|[ga]|da
pesgar	verbo	pes|[gar]
pésico	nome masculino	[pé]|si|co
pésico	adjetivo	[pé]|si|co
peso	nome masculino	[pe]|so
pespé	nome masculino	pes|[pé]
pespegar	verbo	pes|pe|[gar]
pespego	nome masculino	pes|[pe]|go
pespeneiro	nome masculino	pes|pe|[nei]|ro
pespeneta	nome masculino	pes|pe|[ne]|ta
pespilhar	nome masculino	pes|pi|[lhar]
pespita	nome feminino	pes|[pi]|ta
pespontado	adjetivo	pes|pon|[ta]|do
pespontado	nome masculino	pes|pon|[ta]|do
pespontar	verbo	pes|pon|[tar]
pespontear	verbo	pes|pon|te|[ar]
pesponto	nome masculino	pes|[pon]|to
pesporrência	nome feminino	pes|por|[rên]|ci|a
pesporrente	adjetivo	pes|por|[ren]|te
pesporrente	nome masculino	pes|por|[ren]|te
pesporrente	nome feminino	pes|por|[ren]|te
pesqueira	nome feminino	pes|[quei]|ra
pesqueirense	nome masculino	pes|quei|[ren]|se
pesqueirense	nome feminino	pes|quei|[ren]|se
pesqueiro	adjetivo	pes|[quei]|ro
pesqueiro	nome masculino	pes|[quei]|ro
pesquisa	nome feminino	pes|[qui]|sa
pesquisador	adjetivo	pes|qui|sa|[dor]
pesquisador	nome masculino	pes|qui|sa|[dor]
pesquisadora	nome feminino	pes|qui|sa|[do]|ra
pesquisar	verbo	pes|qui|[sar]
pessário	nome masculino	pes|[sá]|ri|o
pessegada	nome feminino	pes|se|[ga]|da
pessegal	nome masculino	pes|se|[gal]
pêssego	nome masculino	[pês]|se|go
pessegote	adjetivo	pes|se|[go]|te
pessegudo	adjetivo	pes|se|[gu]|do
pessegueiro	nome masculino	pes|se|[guei]|ro
pesseguelha	nome feminino	pes|se|[gue]|lha
pessimamente	advérbio	pes|si|ma|[men]|te
pessimismo	nome masculino	pes|si|[mis]|mo
pessimista	adjetivo	pes|si|[mis]|ta
pessimista	nome masculino	pes|si|[mis]|ta
pessimista	nome feminino	pes|si|[mis]|ta
péssimo	adjetivo	[pés]|si|mo
pessinúncio	nome masculino	pes|si|[nún]|ci|o
pessinúncio	adjetivo	pes|si|[nún]|ci|o
pessoa	nome feminino	pes|[so]|a
pessoádigo	nome masculino	pes|so|[á]|di|go
pessoal	adjetivo	pes|so|[al]
pessoal	nome masculino	pes|so|[al]
pessoalho	nome masculino	pes|so|[a]|lho
pessoalidade	nome feminino	pes|so|a|li|[da]|de
pessoalismo	nome masculino	pes|so|a|[lis]|mo
pessoalíssimo	adjetivo	pes|so|a|[lís]|si|mo
pessoalista	adjetivo	pes|so|a|[lis]|ta
pessoalização	nome feminino	pes|so|a|li|za|[ção]
pessoalizar	verbo	pes|so|a|li|[zar]
pessoalizável	adjetivo	pes|so|a|li|[zá]|vel
pessoalmente	advérbio	pes|so|al|[men]|te
pessoano	adjetivo	pes|so|[a]|no
