picadete	adjetivo	pi|ca|[de]|te
picadilho	nome masculino	pi|ca|[di]|lho
picadinho	adjetivo	pi|ca|[di]|nho
picadinho	nome masculino	pi|ca|[di]|nho
picado	nome masculino	pi|[ca]|do
picado	adjetivo	pi|[ca]|do
picador	nome masculino	pi|ca|[dor]
picador	adjetivo	pi|ca|[dor]
picadora	nome feminino	pi|ca|[do]|ra
picadura	nome feminino	pi|ca|[du]|ra
picaim	nome masculino	pi|ca|[im]
piçamá	nome masculino	pi|ça|[má]
picana	nome feminino	pi|[ca]|na
picancilho	nome masculino	pi|can|[ci]|lho
picanço	nome masculino	pi|[can]|ço
picanço-barreteiro	nome masculino	pi|can|ço-bar|re|[tei]|ro
picanço-de-dorso-vermelho	nome masculino	pi|can|ço-de-dor|so-ver|[me]|lho
picanha	nome feminino	pi|[ca]|nha
picante	adjetivo	pi|[can]|te
picante	nome masculino	pi|[can]|te
picão	nome masculino	pi|[cão]
picar	verbo	pi|[car]
pícara	nome feminino	[pí]|ca|ra
picaramente	advérbio	pi|ca|ra|[men]|te
picarço	nome masculino	pi|[car]|ço
picarda	nome feminino	pi|[car]|da
picardia	nome feminino	pi|car|[di]|a
picardo	nome masculino	pi|[car]|do
picardo	adjetivo	pi|[car]|do
picarescamente	advérbio	pi|ca|res|ca|[men]|te
picaresco	adjetivo	pi|ca|[res]|co
picareta	nome feminino	pi|ca|[re]|ta
picareta	nome masculino	pi|ca|[re]|ta
picaria	nome feminino	pi|ca|[ri]|a
picarnel	nome masculino	pi|car|[nel]
pícaro	adjetivo	[pí]|ca|ro
pícaro	nome masculino	[pí]|ca|ro
picarota	nome feminino	pi|ca|[ro]|ta
picaroto	nome masculino	pi|ca|[ro]|to
picaroto	adjetivo	pi|ca|[ro]|to
piçarra	nome feminino	pi|[çar]|ra
piçarral	nome masculino	pi|çar|[ral]
piçarreira	nome feminino	pi|çar|[rei]|ra
piçarro	nome masculino	pi|[çar]|ro
piçarroso	adjetivo	pi|çar|[ro]|so
picas	pronome indefinido	[pi]|cas
picassiano	adjetivo	pi|cas|si|[a]|no
picatoste	nome masculino	pi|ca|[tos]|te
picaveco	nome masculino	pi|ca|[ve]|co
piceno	adjetivo	pi|[ce]|no
picente	adjetivo	pi|[cen]|te
picente	nome masculino	pi|[cen]|te
picente	nome feminino	pi|[cen]|te
picentino	nome masculino	pi|cen|[ti]|no
picentino	adjetivo	pi|cen|[ti]|no
píceo	adjetivo	[pí]|ce|o
picha	nome feminino	[pi]|cha
pichação	nome feminino	pi|cha|[ção]
pichagem	nome feminino	pi|[cha]|gem
pichão	nome masculino	pi|[chão]
pichar	verbo	pi|[char]
piche	nome masculino	[pi]|che
picheira	nome feminino	pi|[chei]|ra
picheiro	nome masculino	pi|[chei]|ro
pichel	nome masculino	pi|[chel]
pichela	nome feminino	pi|[che]|la
pichelaria	nome feminino	pi|che|la|[ri]|a
picheleiro	nome masculino	pi|che|[lei]|ro
pichelim	nome masculino	pi|che|[lim]
pichelo	nome masculino	pi|[che]|lo
pichi	nome masculino	pi|[chi]
picho	nome masculino	[pi]|cho
pichorra	nome feminino	pi|[chor]|ra
pichorro	nome masculino	pi|[chor]|ro
picica	nome masculino	pi|[ci]|ca
picica	nome feminino	pi|[ci]|ca
pícida	nome masculino	[pí]|ci|da
picídeo	nome masculino	pi|[cí]|de|o
picídeo	nome masculino	pi|[cí]|de|o
picídeo	adjetivo	pi|[cí]|de|o
piciforme	adjetivo	pi|ci|[for]|me
picite	nome feminino	pi|[ci]|te
pick-up	nome feminino	[pick-up]
pick-up	nome masculino	[pick-up]
pickle	nome masculino	[pic]|kle
pickpocket	nome masculino	pick|poc|ket
picle	nome masculino	[pi]|cle
picles	nome masculino	[pi]|cles
picnic	nome masculino	pic|nic
pícnico	adjetivo	[píc]|ni|co
picnodonte	nome masculino	pic|no|[don]|te
picnogonídeo	adjetivo	pic|no|go|[ní]|de|o
picnogonídeo	nome masculino	pic|no|go|[ní]|de|o
picnometria	nome feminino	pic|no|me|[tri]|a
picnométrico	adjetivo	pic|no|[mé]|tri|co
picnômetro	nome masculino	pic|[nô]|me|tro
picnómetro	nome masculino	pic|[nó]|me|tro
picnoscopia	nome feminino	pic|nos|co|[pi]|a
picnose	nome feminino	pic|[no]|se
picnostilo	nome masculino	pic|nos|[ti]|lo
