pirobologista	nome feminino	pi|ro|bo|lo|[gis]|ta
pirobólogo	nome masculino	pi|ro|[bó]|lo|go
pirobórico	nome masculino	pi|ro|[bó]|ri|co
piroca	adjetivo	pi|[ro]|ca
piroca	nome feminino	pi|[ro]|ca
pirocar	verbo	pi|ro|[car]
piroclasite	nome feminino	pi|ro|cla|[si]|te
piroclástico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[clás]|ti|co
piroclasto	nome masculino	pi|ro|[clas]|to
pirocloro	nome masculino	pi|ro|[clo]|ro
piroconite	nome feminino	pi|ro|co|[ni]|te
pirocroíte	nome feminino	pi|ro|cro|[í]|te
pirodina	nome feminino	pi|ro|[di]|na
pirodinâmica	nome feminino	pi|ro|di|[nâ]|mi|ca
pirodinâmico	adjetivo	pi|ro|di|[nâ]|mi|co
piroeléctrico	adjetivo	pi|ro|e|[léc]|tri|co
piroeletricidade	nome feminino	pi|ro|e|le|tri|ci|[da]|de
piroelétrico	adjetivo	pi|ro|e|[lé]|tri|co
pirófago	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|fa|go
pirofânio	nome masculino	pi|ro|[fâ]|ni|o
pirofilita	nome feminino	pi|ro|fi|[li]|ta
pirofilite	nome feminino	pi|ro|fi|[li]|te
pirofilítico	adjetivo	pi|ro|fi|[lí]|ti|co
pirofobia	nome feminino	pi|ro|fo|[bi]|a
pirófobo	adjetivo	pi|[ró]|fo|bo
pirófobo	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|fo|bo
pirófora	nome feminino	pi|[ró]|fo|ra
pirofórico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[fó]|ri|co
piróforo	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|fo|ro
pirofosfato	nome masculino	pi|ro|fos|[fa]|to
pirofosfórico	adjetivo	pi|ro|fos|[fó]|ri|co
pirofosforite	nome feminino	pi|ro|fos|fo|[ri]|te
piroga	nome feminino	pi|[ro]|ga
pirogalato	nome masculino	pi|ro|ga|[la]|to
pirogálhico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[gá]|lhi|co
pirogalhol	nome masculino	pi|ro|ga|[lhol]
pirogálico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[gá]|li|co
pirogalol	nome masculino	pi|ro|ga|[lol]
pirogenação	nome feminino	pi|ro|ge|na|[ção]
pirogênese	nome feminino	pi|ro|[gê]|ne|se
pirogénese	nome feminino	pi|ro|[gé]|ne|se
pirogenésico	adjetivo	pi|ro|ge|[né]|si|co
pirogenético	adjetivo	pi|ro|ge|[né]|ti|co
pirogênico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[gê]|ni|co
pirogénico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[gé]|ni|co
pirogeómetro	nome masculino	pi|ro|ge|[ó]|me|tro
pirogeômetro	nome masculino	pi|ro|ge|[ô]|me|tro
pirógero	adjetivo	pi|[ró]|ge|ro
pirógero	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|ge|ro
pirognóstico	adjetivo	pi|rog|[nós]|ti|co
pirógrafo	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|gra|fo
pirogranito	nome masculino	pi|ro|gra|[ni]|to
pirogravação	nome feminino	pi|ro|gra|va|[ção]
pirogravador	nome masculino	pi|ro|gra|va|[dor]
pirogravadora	nome feminino	pi|ro|gra|va|[do]|ra
pirogravar	verbo	pi|ro|gra|[var]
pirogravura	nome feminino	pi|ro|gra|[vu]|ra
piroide	adjetivo	pi|[roi]|de
pírois	nome masculino	[pí]|rois
pirólatra	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|la|tra
pirólatra	nome feminino	pi|[ró]|la|tra
pirolatria	nome feminino	pi|ro|la|[tri]|a
pirolátrico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[lá]|tri|co
pirolé	nome masculino	pi|ro|[lé]
pirolenhoso	adjetivo	pi|ro|le|[nho]|so
pirolisador	adjetivo	pi|ro|li|sa|[dor]
pirolisador	nome masculino	pi|ro|li|sa|[dor]
pirolisar	verbo	pi|ro|li|[sar]
pirolisável	adjetivo	pi|ro|li|[sá]|vel
pirólise	nome feminino	pi|[ró]|li|se
pirolisite	nome feminino	pi|ro|li|[si]|te
pirolítico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[lí]|ti|co
pirolito	nome masculino	pi|ro|[li]|to
piroliz	nome masculino	pi|ro|[liz]
pirologia	nome feminino	pi|ro|lo|[gi]|a
pirológico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[ló]|gi|co
pirolusita	nome feminino	pi|ro|lu|[si]|ta
pirolusite	nome feminino	pi|ro|lu|[si]|te
pirómaco	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|ma|co
pirómaco	adjetivo	pi|[ró]|ma|co
pirômaco	adjetivo	pi|[rô]|ma|co
pirômaco	nome masculino	pi|[rô]|ma|co
pirómana	nome feminino	pi|[ró]|ma|na
piromancia	nome feminino	pi|ro|man|[ci]|a
piromania	nome feminino	pi|ro|ma|[ni]|a
piromaníaca	nome feminino	pi|ro|ma|[ní]|a|ca
piromaníaco	adjetivo	pi|ro|ma|[ní]|a|co
piromaníaco	nome masculino	pi|ro|ma|[ní]|a|co
pirômano	adjetivo	pi|[rô]|ma|no
pirômano	nome masculino	pi|[rô]|ma|no
pirómano	adjetivo	pi|[ró]|ma|no
pirómano	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|ma|no
piromante	nome masculino	pi|ro|[man]|te
piromante	nome feminino	pi|ro|[man]|te
piromântico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[mân]|ti|co
pirometalurgia	nome feminino	pi|ro|me|ta|lur|[gi]|a
pirometamórfico	adjetivo	pi|ro|me|ta|[mór]|fi|co
pirometamorfismo	nome masculino	pi|ro|me|ta|mor|[fis]|mo
pirometria	nome feminino	pi|ro|me|[tri]|a
pirométrico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[mé]|tri|co
