pirômetro	nome masculino	pi|[rô]|me|tro
pirómetro	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|me|tro
piromorfita	nome feminino	pi|ro|mor|[fi]|ta
piromorfite	nome feminino	pi|ro|mor|[fi]|te
piromotor	nome masculino	pi|ro|mo|[tor]
pironomia	nome feminino	pi|ro|no|[mi]|a
pironômico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[nô]|mi|co
pironómico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[nó]|mi|co
piropina	nome feminino	pi|ro|[pi]|na
piropincel	nome masculino	pi|ro|pin|[cel]
piropneumático	adjetivo	pi|rop|neu|[má]|ti|co
piropo	nome masculino	pi|[ro]|po
pirorretina	nome feminino	pi|ror|re|[ti]|na
pirosa	nome feminino	pi|[ro]|sa
pirosca	nome feminino	pi|[ros]|ca
piróscafo	nome masculino	pi|[rós]|ca|fo
piroscopia	nome feminino	pi|ros|co|[pi]|a
piroscópico	adjetivo	pi|ros|[có]|pi|co
piroscópio	nome masculino	pi|ros|[có]|pi|o
pirose	nome feminino	pi|[ro]|se
piroseira	nome feminino	pi|ro|[sei]|ra
pirosfera	nome feminino	pi|ros|[fe]|ra
pirosférico	adjetivo	pi|ros|[fé]|ri|co
pirosice	nome feminino	pi|ro|[si]|ce
piroso	adjetivo	pi|[ro]|so
piroso	nome masculino	pi|[ro]|so
pirossomo	nome masculino	pi|ros|[so]|mo
pirotecnia	nome feminino	pi|ro|tec|[ni]|a
pirotécnica	nome feminino	pi|ro|[téc]|ni|ca
pirotécnico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[téc]|ni|co
pirotécnico	nome masculino	pi|ro|[téc]|ni|co
pirotecnizar	verbo	pi|ro|tec|ni|[zar]
pirótico	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|ti|co
pirótico	adjetivo	pi|[ró]|ti|co
piroxantina	nome feminino	pi|ro|xan|[ti]|na
piroxena	nome feminino	pi|ro|[xe]|na
piroxénico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[xé]|ni|co
piroxênico	adjetivo	pi|ro|[xê]|ni|co
piroxênio	nome masculino	pi|ro|[xê]|ni|o
piroxénio	nome masculino	pi|ro|[xé]|ni|o
piroxenite	nome feminino	pi|ro|xe|[ni]|te
piróxila	nome feminino	pi|[ró]|xi|la
piroxilina	nome feminino	pi|ro|xi|[li]|na
piróxilo	nome masculino	pi|[ró]|xi|lo
pirozone	nome masculino	pi|ro|[zo]|ne
pirozónio	nome masculino	pi|ro|[zó]|ni|o
pirozônio	nome masculino	pi|ro|[zô]|ni|o
pirraça	nome feminino	pir|[ra]|ça
pirraçar	verbo	pir|ra|[çar]
pirraceiro	adjetivo	pir|ra|[cei]|ro
pirraceiro	nome masculino	pir|ra|[cei]|ro
pirracento	adjetivo	pir|ra|[cen]|to
pirralha	nome feminino	pir|[ra]|lha
pirralhada	nome feminino	pir|ra|[lha]|da
pirralho	nome masculino	pir|[ra]|lho
pirrarsenite	nome feminino	pir|rar|se|[ni]|te
pirré	nome masculino	pir|[ré]
pirreia	nome feminino	pir|[rei]|a
pirreico	adjetivo	pir|[rei]|co
pírrica	nome feminino	[pír]|ri|ca
pírrico	adjetivo	[pír]|ri|co
pírrico	nome masculino	[pír]|ri|co
pírrida	nome masculino	[pír]|ri|da
pírrida	adjetivo	[pír]|ri|da
pírrida	nome feminino	[pír]|ri|da
pirríquio	adjetivo	pir|[rí]|qui|o
pirríquio	nome masculino	pir|[rí]|qui|o
pirrol	nome masculino	pir|[rol]
pirrólito	nome masculino	pir|[ró]|li|to
pirronicamente	advérbio	pir|ro|ni|ca|[men]|te
pirronice	nome feminino	pir|ro|[ni]|ce
pirrônico	adjetivo	pir|[rô]|ni|co
pirrónico	adjetivo	pir|[ró]|ni|co
pirrónico	nome masculino	pir|[ró]|ni|co
pirrônico	nome masculino	pir|[rô]|ni|co
pirronismo	nome masculino	pir|ro|[nis]|mo
pirronista	adjetivo	pir|ro|[nis]|ta
pirronista	nome masculino	pir|ro|[nis]|ta
pirronista	nome feminino	pir|ro|[nis]|ta
pirronístico	adjetivo	pir|ro|[nís]|ti|co
pirronizar	verbo	pir|ro|ni|[zar]
pirrossiderite	nome feminino	pir|ros|si|de|[ri]|te
pirrotina	nome feminino	pir|ro|[ti]|na
pirrotita	nome feminino	pir|ro|[ti]|ta
pirrotite	nome feminino	pir|ro|[ti]|te
pírtiga	nome feminino	[pír]|ti|ga
pírtigo	nome masculino	[pír]|ti|go
piruá	nome masculino	pi|ru|[á]
pirueta	nome feminino	pi|ru|[e]|ta
piruetar	verbo	pi|ru|e|[tar]
pírula	nome feminino	[pí]|ru|la
pírulas	adjetivo	[pí]|ru|las
pírulas	nome masculino	[pí]|ru|las
pírulas	nome feminino	[pí]|ru|las
piruleiro	nome masculino	pi|ru|[lei]|ro
pirulito	nome masculino	pi|ru|[li]|to
pirum	nome masculino	pi|[rum]
pirunga	nome feminino	pi|[run]|ga
piruruca	nome feminino	pi|ru|[ru]|ca
pirusta	adjetivo	pi|[rus]|ta
