platiantera	nome feminino	pla|ti|an|[te]|ra
platiasmo	nome masculino	pla|ti|[as]|mo
platibanda	nome feminino	pla|ti|[ban]|da
platibásico	adjetivo	pla|ti|[bá]|si|co
platicapno	nome masculino	pla|ti|[cap]|no
platicarpo	nome masculino	pla|ti|[car]|po
platicefalia	nome feminino	pla|ti|ce|fa|[li]|a
platicéfalo	nome masculino	pla|ti|[cé]|fa|lo
platicéfalo	adjetivo	pla|ti|[cé]|fa|lo
platícero	nome masculino	pla|[tí]|ce|ro
platicnemia	nome feminino	pla|tic|ne|[mi]|a
platicnémico	adjetivo	pla|tic|[né]|mi|co
platicnêmico	adjetivo	pla|tic|[nê]|mi|co
platicnemo	adjetivo	pla|tic|[ne]|mo
platicrânia	nome feminino	pla|ti|[crâ]|ni|a
platidáctilo	adjetivo	pla|ti|[dác]|ti|lo
platielminte	nome masculino	pla|ti|el|[min]|te
platifilo	adjetivo	pla|ti|[fi]|lo
platiglosso	adjetivo	pla|ti|[glos]|so
platigônio	nome masculino	pla|ti|[gô]|ni|o
platigónio	nome masculino	pla|ti|[gó]|ni|o
platilóbio	nome masculino	pla|ti|[ló]|bi|o
platilobulado	adjetivo	pla|ti|lo|bu|[la]|do
platina	nome feminino	pla|[ti]|na
platinado	adjetivo	pla|ti|[na]|do
platinado	nome masculino	pla|ti|[na]|do
platinador	nome masculino	pla|ti|na|[dor]
platinagem	nome feminino	pla|ti|[na]|gem
platinamina	nome feminino	pla|ti|na|[mi]|na
platinar	verbo	pla|ti|[nar]
platinato	nome masculino	pla|ti|[na]|to
platineuro	adjetivo	pla|ti|[neu]|ro
platinífero	adjetivo	pla|ti|[ní]|fe|ro
platino	nome masculino	pla|[ti]|no
platino	adjetivo	pla|[ti]|no
platinocianeto	nome masculino	pla|ti|no|ci|a|[ne]|to
platinoide	adjetivo	pla|ti|[noi]|de
platinopódio	nome masculino	pla|ti|no|[pó]|di|o
platinóptero	nome masculino	pla|ti|[nóp]|te|ro
platinoso	adjetivo	pla|ti|[no]|so
platinotipia	nome feminino	pla|ti|no|ti|[pi]|a
platinotípico	adjetivo	pla|ti|no|[tí]|pi|co
platioftalmo	nome masculino	pla|ti|of|[tal]|mo
platipalpo	nome masculino	pla|ti|[pal]|po
platipétalo	adjetivo	pla|ti|[pé]|ta|lo
platipezídeo	nome masculino	pla|ti|pe|[zí]|de|o
platípode	adjetivo	pla|[tí]|po|de
platípode	nome masculino	pla|[tí]|po|de
platipodia	nome feminino	pla|ti|po|[di]|a
platíptero	nome masculino	pla|[típ]|te|ro
platirrinco	nome masculino	pla|tir|[rin]|co
platirríneo	nome masculino	pla|tir|[rí]|ne|o
platirrinia	nome feminino	pla|tir|ri|[ni]|a
platirrínico	adjetivo	pla|tir|[rí]|ni|co
platirrinio	nome masculino	pla|tir|ri|[ni]|o
platirrino	nome masculino	pla|tir|[ri]|no
platirrostro	adjetivo	pla|tir|[ros]|tro
platiscelídeo	nome masculino	pla|tis|ce|[lí]|de|o
platispermo	nome masculino	pla|tis|[per]|mo
platissema	nome feminino	pla|tis|[se]|ma
platistigma	nome feminino	pla|tis|[tig]|ma
platítomo	nome masculino	pla|[tí]|to|mo
platitude	nome feminino	pla|ti|[tu]|de
platiúra	nome feminino	pla|ti|[ú]|ra
platiúro	nome masculino	pla|ti|[ú]|ro
platô	nome masculino	pla|[tô]
platónia	nome feminino	pla|[tó]|ni|a
platônia	nome feminino	pla|[tô]|ni|a
platoniano	adjetivo	pla|to|ni|[a]|no
platonicamente	advérbio	pla|to|ni|ca|[men]|te
platónico	nome masculino	pla|[tó]|ni|co
platônico	adjetivo	pla|[tô]|ni|co
platónico	adjetivo	pla|[tó]|ni|co
platônico	nome masculino	pla|[tô]|ni|co
platonismo	nome masculino	pla|to|[nis]|mo
platonista	adjetivo	pla|to|[nis]|ta
platonista	nome masculino	pla|to|[nis]|ta
platonista	nome feminino	pla|to|[nis]|ta
platonizar	verbo	pla|to|ni|[zar]
plausibilidade	nome feminino	plau|si|bi|li|[da]|de
plausível	adjetivo	plau|[sí]|vel
plaustra	nome feminino	[plaus]|tra
plaustro	nome masculino	[plaus]|tro
plautino	adjetivo	plau|[ti]|no
play-off	nome masculino	[play-off]
playback	nome masculino	play|back
playboy	nome masculino	play|boy
playlist	nome feminino	play|list
playmaker	nome masculino	play|ma|ker
plebe	nome feminino	[ple]|be
plebeado	nome masculino	ple|be|[a]|do
plebécula	nome feminino	ple|[bé]|cu|la
plebeia	nome feminino	ple|[bei]|a
plebeiamente	advérbio	ple|bei|a|[men]|te
plebeidade	nome feminino	ple|bei|[da]|de
plebeísmo	nome masculino	ple|be|[ís]|mo
plebeização	nome feminino	ple|bei|za|[ção]
plebeizar	verbo	ple|bei|[zar]
plebeu	adjetivo	ple|[beu]
plebeu	nome masculino	ple|[beu]
