plutônio	nome masculino	plu|[tô]|ni|o
plutonismo	nome masculino	plu|to|[nis]|mo
plutonista	adjetivo	plu|to|[nis]|ta
plutonista	nome masculino	plu|to|[nis]|ta
plutonista	nome feminino	plu|to|[nis]|ta
plutonografia	nome feminino	plu|to|no|gra|[fi]|a
plutonográfico	adjetivo	plu|to|no|[grá]|fi|co
plutonomia	nome feminino	plu|to|no|[mi]|a
plutonômico	adjetivo	plu|to|[nô]|mi|co
plutonómico	adjetivo	plu|to|[nó]|mi|co
pluvial	adjetivo	plu|vi|[al]
pluvial	nome masculino	plu|vi|[al]
pluviátil	adjetivo	plu|vi|[á]|til
plúvio	nome masculino	[plú]|vi|o
pluviógrafo	nome masculino	plu|vi|[ó]|gra|fo
pluviometria	nome feminino	plu|vi|o|me|[tri]|a
pluviométrico	adjetivo	plu|vi|o|[mé]|tri|co
pluviómetro	nome masculino	plu|vi|[ó]|me|tro
pluviômetro	nome masculino	plu|vi|[ô]|me|tro
pluvioscópico	adjetivo	plu|vi|os|[có]|pi|co
pluvioscópio	nome masculino	plu|vi|os|[có]|pi|o
pluviosidade	nome feminino	plu|vi|o|si|[da]|de
pluvioso	adjetivo	plu|vi|[o]|so
pneodinâmica	nome feminino	pne|o|di|[nâ]|mi|ca
pneodinâmico	adjetivo	pne|o|di|[nâ]|mi|co
pneometria	nome feminino	pne|o|me|[tri]|a
pneométrico	adjetivo	pne|o|[mé]|tri|co
pneómetro	nome masculino	pne|[ó]|me|tro
pneômetro	nome masculino	pne|[ô]|me|tro
pneoscópico	adjetivo	pne|os|[có]|pi|co
pneoscópio	nome masculino	pne|os|[có]|pi|o
pneu	nome masculino	[pneu]
pneuma	nome masculino	[pneu]|ma
pneumartrose	nome feminino	pneu|mar|[tro]|se
pneumática	nome feminino	pneu|[má]|ti|ca
pneumaticidade	nome feminino	pneu|ma|ti|ci|[da]|de
pneumático	nome masculino	pneu|[má]|ti|co
pneumático	adjetivo	pneu|[má]|ti|co
pneumatismo	nome masculino	pneu|ma|[tis]|mo
pneumatista	adjetivo	pneu|ma|[tis]|ta
pneumatista	nome masculino	pneu|ma|[tis]|ta
pneumato	nome masculino	pneu|[ma]|to
pneumatocele	nome feminino	pneu|ma|to|[ce]|le
pneumatofonia	nome feminino	pneu|ma|to|fo|[ni]|a
pneumatofônico	adjetivo	pneu|ma|to|[fô]|ni|co
pneumatofónico	adjetivo	pneu|ma|to|[fó]|ni|co
pneumatóforo	adjetivo	pneu|ma|[tó]|fo|ro
pneumatogenia	nome feminino	pneu|ma|to|ge|[ni]|a
pneumatogénico	adjetivo	pneu|ma|to|[gé]|ni|co
pneumatogênico	adjetivo	pneu|ma|to|[gê]|ni|co
pneumatografia	nome feminino	pneu|ma|to|gra|[fi]|a
pneumatográfico	adjetivo	pneu|ma|to|[grá]|fi|co
pneumatólise	nome feminino	pneu|ma|[tó]|li|se
pneumatolítico	adjetivo	pneu|ma|to|[lí]|ti|co
pneumatologia	nome feminino	pneu|ma|to|lo|[gi]|a
pneumatológico	adjetivo	pneu|ma|to|[ló]|gi|co
pneumatologista	nome masculino	pneu|ma|to|lo|[gis]|ta
pneumatologista	nome feminino	pneu|ma|to|lo|[gis]|ta
pneumatólogo	nome masculino	pneu|ma|[tó]|lo|go
pneumatómaco	adjetivo	pneu|ma|[tó]|ma|co
pneumatómaco	nome masculino	pneu|ma|[tó]|ma|co
pneumatômaco	adjetivo	pneu|ma|[tô]|ma|co
pneumatômaco	nome masculino	pneu|ma|[tô]|ma|co
pneumatométrico	adjetivo	pneu|ma|to|[mé]|tri|co
pneumatômetro	nome masculino	pneu|ma|[tô]|me|tro
pneumatómetro	nome masculino	pneu|ma|[tó]|me|tro
pneumatônfalo	nome masculino	pneu|ma|[tôn]|fa|lo
pneumatoquímica	nome feminino	pneu|ma|to|[quí]|mi|ca
pneumatoquímico	adjetivo	pneu|ma|to|[quí]|mi|co
pneumatose	nome feminino	pneu|ma|[to]|se
pneumatoterapia	nome feminino	pneu|ma|to|te|ra|[pi]|a
pneumatoterápico	adjetivo	pneu|ma|to|te|[rá]|pi|co
pneumectomia	nome feminino	pneu|mec|to|[mi]|a
pneumectômico	adjetivo	pneu|mec|[tô]|mi|co
pneumectómico	adjetivo	pneu|mec|[tó]|mi|co
pneumenterite	nome feminino	pneu|men|te|[ri]|te
pnêumico	adjetivo	[pnêu]|mi|co
pneumobrânquio	adjetivo	pneu|mo|[brân]|qui|o
pneumocele	nome feminino	pneu|mo|[ce]|le
pneumocisto	nome masculino	pneu|mo|[cis]|to
pneumocistose	nome feminino	pneu|mo|cis|[to]|se
pneumococia	nome feminino	pneu|mo|co|[ci]|a
pneumocócico	adjetivo	pneu|mo|[có]|ci|co
pneumococo	nome masculino	pneu|mo|[co]|co
pneumoconiose	nome feminino	pneu|mo|co|ni|[o]|se
pneumodermo	nome masculino	pneu|mo|[der]|mo
pneumoflebite	nome feminino	pneu|mo|fle|[bi]|te
pneumogástrico	adjetivo	pneu|mo|[gás]|tri|co
pneumografia	nome feminino	pneu|mo|gra|[fi]|a
pneumográfico	adjetivo	pneu|mo|[grá]|fi|co
pneumógrafo	nome masculino	pneu|[mó]|gra|fo
pneumograma	nome masculino	pneu|mo|[gra]|ma
pneumolitíase	nome feminino	pneu|mo|li|[tí]|a|se
pneumólito	nome masculino	pneu|[mó]|li|to
pneumóloga	nome feminino	pneu|[mó]|lo|ga
pneumologia	nome feminino	pneu|mo|lo|[gi]|a
pneumológico	adjetivo	pneu|mo|[ló]|gi|co
pneumologista	nome masculino	pneu|mo|lo|[gis]|ta
pneumologista	nome feminino	pneu|mo|lo|[gis]|ta
pneumólogo	nome masculino	pneu|[mó]|lo|go
