quacacuja	nome masculino	qua|ca|[cu]|ja
quacre	nome masculino	[qua]|cre
quacriano	adjetivo	qua|cri|[a]|no
quacrismo	nome masculino	qua|[cris]|mo
quaderna	nome feminino	qua|[der]|na
quadernado	adjetivo	qua|der|[na]|do
quadernal	nome masculino	qua|der|[nal]
quado	adjetivo	[qua]|do
quado	nome masculino	[qua]|do
quadra	nome feminino	[qua]|dra
quadraçal	nome masculino	qua|dra|[çal]
quadrada	nome feminino	qua|[dra]|da
quadradinho	nome masculino	qua|dra|[di]|nho
quadradito	nome masculino	qua|dra|[di]|to
quadrado	adjetivo	qua|[dra]|do
quadrado	nome masculino	qua|[dra]|do
quadrador	adjetivo	qua|dra|[dor]
quadrador	nome masculino	qua|dra|[dor]
quadradozinho	nome masculino	qua|dra|do|[zi]|nho
quadradozito	nome masculino	qua|dra|do|[zi]|to
quadradura	nome feminino	qua|dra|[du]|ra
quadragenária	nome feminino	qua|dra|ge|[ná]|ri|a
quadragenário	adjetivo	qua|dra|ge|[ná]|ri|o
quadragenário	nome masculino	qua|dra|ge|[ná]|ri|o
quadragésima	nome feminino	qua|dra|[gé]|si|ma
quadragesimal	adjetivo	qua|dra|ge|si|[mal]
quadragésimo	adjetivo	qua|dra|[gé]|si|mo
quadragésimo	número ordinal	qua|dra|[gé]|si|mo
quadragésimo	nome masculino	qua|dra|[gé]|si|mo
quadragésimo	número fraccional	qua|dra|[gé]|si|mo
quadrangulação	nome feminino	qua|dran|gu|la|[ção]
quadrangulado	adjetivo	qua|dran|gu|[la]|do
quadrangular	nome masculino	qua|dran|gu|[lar]
quadrangular	adjetivo	qua|dran|gu|[lar]
quadrangularmente	advérbio	qua|dran|gu|lar|[men]|te
quadrângulo	nome masculino	qua|[drân]|gu|lo
quadrantal	adjetivo	qua|dran|[tal]
quadrantal	nome masculino	qua|dran|[tal]
quadrante	nome masculino	qua|[dran]|te
quadrar	verbo	qua|[drar]
quadrático	adjetivo	qua|[drá]|ti|co
quadratífero	adjetivo	qua|dra|[tí]|fe|ro
quadratim	nome masculino	qua|dra|[tim]
quadratriz	nome feminino	qua|dra|[triz]
quadratura	nome feminino	qua|dra|[tu]|ra
quadraturista	nome masculino	qua|dra|tu|[ris]|ta
quadraturista	nome feminino	qua|dra|tu|[ris]|ta
quadrável	adjetivo	qua|[drá]|vel
quadrazenho	adjetivo	qua|dra|[ze]|nho
quadrazenho	nome masculino	qua|dra|[ze]|nho
quadrela	nome feminino	qua|[dre]|la
quadrelo	nome masculino	qua|[dre]|lo
quadrialado	adjetivo	qua|dri|a|[la]|do
quadriângulo	nome masculino	qua|dri|[ân]|gu|lo
quadribásico	adjetivo	qua|dri|[bá]|si|co
quadriburgense	nome masculino	qua|dri|bur|[gen]|se
quadriburgense	adjetivo	qua|dri|bur|[gen]|se
quadriburgense	nome feminino	qua|dri|bur|[gen]|se
quadribúrgio	adjetivo	qua|dri|[búr]|gi|o
quadribúrgio	nome masculino	qua|dri|[búr]|gi|o
quádrica	nome feminino	[quá]|dri|ca
quadricapsular	adjetivo	qua|dri|cap|su|[lar]
quadricarboneto	nome masculino	qua|dri|car|bo|[ne]|to
quadricelular	adjetivo	qua|dri|ce|lu|[lar]
quadricentenário	nome masculino	qua|dri|cen|te|[ná]|ri|o
quadricêntrico	adjetivo	qua|dri|[cên]|tri|co
quadríceps	nome masculino	qua|[drí]|ceps
quadriciclo	nome masculino	qua|dri|[ci]|clo
quadriciclo	adjetivo	qua|dri|[ci]|clo
quadricipital	adjetivo	qua|dri|ci|pi|[tal]
quadricípite	nome masculino	qua|dri|[cí]|pi|te
quadricolor	adjetivo	qua|dri|co|[lor]
quadricórneo	adjetivo	qua|dri|[cór]|ne|o
quadricotiledôneo	adjetivo	qua|dri|co|ti|le|[dô]|ne|o
quadricotiledóneo	adjetivo	qua|dri|co|ti|le|[dó]|ne|o
quadricromia	nome feminino	qua|dri|cro|[mi]|a
quadrícula	nome feminino	qua|[drí]|cu|la
quadriculado	adjetivo	qua|dri|cu|[la]|do
quadriculado	nome masculino	qua|dri|cu|[la]|do
quadricular	verbo	qua|dri|cu|[lar]
quadricular	adjetivo	qua|dri|cu|[lar]
quadrículo	nome masculino	qua|[drí]|cu|lo
quadricúspide	adjetivo	qua|dri|[cús]|pi|de
quadridecimal	adjetivo	qua|dri|de|ci|[mal]
quadridentado	adjetivo	qua|dri|den|[ta]|do
quadridente	nome masculino	qua|dri|[den]|te
quadridigitado	adjetivo	qua|dri|di|gi|[ta]|do
quadrienal	adjetivo	qua|dri|e|[nal]
quadrienalmente	advérbio	qua|dri|e|nal|[men]|te
quadriénio	nome masculino	qua|dri|[é]|ni|o
quadriênio	nome masculino	qua|dri|[ê]|ni|o
quadriexagonal	adjetivo	qua|dri|e|xa|go|[nal]
quadrifário	adjetivo	qua|dri|[fá]|ri|o
quadrifendido	adjetivo	qua|dri|fen|[di]|do
quadrífido	adjetivo	qua|[drí]|fi|do
quadrifínio	nome masculino	qua|dri|[fí]|ni|o
quadriflóreo	adjetivo	qua|dri|[fló]|re|o
quadrifloro	adjetivo	qua|dri|[flo]|ro
quadrifoliado	adjetivo	qua|dri|fo|li|[a]|do
quadrifólio	nome masculino	qua|dri|[fó]|li|o
