quentão	nome masculino	quen|[tão]
quentar	verbo	quen|[tar]
quente	nome masculino	[quen]|te
quente	adjetivo	[quen]|te
quentura	nome feminino	quen|[tu]|ra
quepe	nome masculino	[que]|pe
quépi	nome masculino	[qué]|pi
queque	nome masculino	[que]|que
queque	adjetivo	[que]|que
quer	conjunção	[quer]
quera	adjetivo	[que]|ra
querar	verbo	que|[rar]
queratina	nome feminino	que|ra|[ti]|na
queratinização	nome feminino	que|ra|ti|ni|za|[ção]
queratinizar	verbo	que|ra|ti|ni|[zar]
queratinoso	adjetivo	que|ra|ti|[no]|so
queratite	nome feminino	que|ra|[ti]|te
queratose	nome feminino	que|ra|[to]|se
queratotomia	nome feminino	que|ra|to|to|[mi]|a
quercina	nome feminino	quer|[ci]|na
quercíneo	adjetivo	quer|[cí]|ne|o
quercite	nome feminino	quer|[ci]|te
quercitrina	nome feminino	quer|ci|[tri]|na
querco	nome masculino	[quer]|co
querela	nome feminino	que|[re]|la
querelada	nome feminino	que|re|[la]|da
querelado	nome masculino	que|re|[la]|do
querelado	adjetivo	que|re|[la]|do
querelador	adjetivo	que|re|la|[dor]
querelador	nome masculino	que|re|la|[dor]
querelante	adjetivo	que|re|[lan]|te
querelante	nome masculino	que|re|[lan]|te
querelante	nome feminino	que|re|[lan]|te
querelar	verbo	que|re|[lar]
querelável	adjetivo	que|re|[lá]|vel
querelosa	nome feminino	que|re|[lo]|sa
quereloso	adjetivo	que|re|[lo]|so
quereloso	nome masculino	que|re|[lo]|so
querena	nome feminino	que|[re]|na
querenagem	nome feminino	que|re|[na]|gem
querenar	verbo	que|re|[nar]
querença	nome feminino	que|[ren]|ça
querenceiro	adjetivo	que|ren|[cei]|ro
querência	nome feminino	que|[rên]|ci|a
querenciar	verbo	que|ren|ci|[ar]
querenço	nome masculino	que|[ren]|ço
querençoso	adjetivo	que|ren|[ço]|so
querençudo	adjetivo	que|ren|[çu]|do
querendão	nome masculino	que|ren|[dão]
querendão	adjetivo	que|ren|[dão]
querendar	verbo	que|ren|[dar]
querendeiro	adjetivo	que|ren|[dei]|ro
quereneiro	nome masculino	que|re|[nei]|ro
querente	adjetivo	que|[ren]|te
querentim	nome masculino	que|ren|[tim]
querequexé	nome masculino	que|re|que|[xé]
querer	nome masculino	que|[rer]
querer	verbo	que|[rer]
querida	nome feminino	que|[ri]|da
querido	adjetivo	que|[ri]|do
querido	nome masculino	que|[ri]|do
querilio	adjetivo	que|ri|[li]|o
querilio	nome masculino	que|ri|[li]|o
querimónia	nome feminino	que|ri|[mó]|ni|a
querimônia	nome feminino	que|ri|[mô]|ni|a
quermes	nome masculino	[quer]|mes
quermésida	nome masculino	quer|[mé]|si|da
quermesídeo	nome masculino	quer|me|[sí]|de|o
quermesídeo	adjetivo	quer|me|[sí]|de|o
quermesite	nome feminino	quer|me|[si]|te
quermesse	nome feminino	quer|[mes]|se
quernetídeo	nome masculino	quer|ne|[tí]|de|o
quernite	nome feminino	quer|[ni]|te
quero-mana	nome masculino	que|ro-ma|na
quero-quero	nome masculino	que|ro-que|ro
queroneu	adjetivo	que|ro|[neu]
queroneu	nome masculino	que|ro|[neu]
querosenagem	nome feminino	que|ro|se|[na]|gem
querosenar	verbo	que|ro|se|[nar]
querosene	nome masculino	que|ro|[se]|ne
quérquera	nome feminino	[quér]|que|ra
querquerno	adjetivo	quer|[quer]|no
querquerno	nome masculino	quer|[quer]|no
querquetulano	adjetivo	quer|que|tu|[la]|no
querquetulano	nome masculino	quer|que|tu|[la]|no
querróbia	nome feminino	quer|[ró]|bi|a
querronense	nome masculino	quer|ro|[nen]|se
querronense	adjetivo	quer|ro|[nen]|se
querronense	nome feminino	quer|ro|[nen]|se
querruxe	interjeição	quer|[ru]|xe
quersídeo	nome masculino	quer|[sí]|de|o
quersonense	adjetivo	quer|so|[nen]|se
quersonense	nome masculino	quer|so|[nen]|se
quersonense	nome feminino	quer|so|[nen]|se
quersonésio	adjetivo	quer|so|[né]|si|o
quersonésio	nome masculino	quer|so|[né]|si|o
quersoneso	nome masculino	quer|so|[ne]|so
querubim	nome masculino	que|ru|[bim]
querubíneo	adjetivo	que|ru|[bí]|ne|o
querubínico	adjetivo	que|ru|[bí]|ni|co
