circuitar	verbo	cir|cui|[tar]
circuito	nome masculino	cir|[cui]|to
circulabilidade	nome feminino	cir|cu|la|bi|li|[da]|de
circulação	nome feminino	cir|cu|la|[ção]
circulado	adjetivo	cir|cu|[la]|do
circulador	nome masculino	cir|cu|la|[dor]
circulante	adjetivo	cir|cu|[lan]|te
circular	verbo	cir|cu|[lar]
circular	adjetivo	cir|cu|[lar]
circular	nome feminino	cir|cu|[lar]
circularidade	nome feminino	cir|cu|la|ri|[da]|de
circularmente	advérbio	cir|cu|lar|[men]|te
circulatoriamente	advérbio	cir|cu|la|to|ri|a|[men]|te
circulatório	adjetivo	cir|cu|la|[tó]|ri|o
circulável	adjetivo	cir|cu|[lá]|vel
círculo	nome masculino	[cír]|cu|lo
circum-adjacente	adjetivo	cir|cum-ad|ja|[cen]|te
circum-ambiente	adjetivo	cir|cum-am|bi|[en]|te
circum-anal	adjetivo	cir|cum-na|[val]
circum-errar	verbo	cir|cum-er|[rar]
circum-escolar	adjetivo	cir|cum-es|co|[lar]
circum-hospitalar	adjetivo	cir|cum-hos|pi|ta|[lar]
circum-murado	adjetivo	cir|cum-mu|[ra]|do
circum-navegabilidade	nome feminino	cir|cum-na|ve|ga|bi|li|[da]|de
circum-navegação	nome feminino	cir|cum-na|ve|ga|[ção]
circum-navegador	nome masculino	cir|cum-na|ve|ga|[dor]
circum-navegar	verbo	cir|cum-na|ve|[gar]
circum-navegável	adjetivo	cir|cum-na|ve|[gá]|vel
circumpacífico	adjetivo	cir|cum|pa|[cí]|fi|co
circumpadano	adjetivo	cir|cum|pa|[da]|no
circumpalpebral	adjetivo	cir|cum|pal|pe|[bral]
circumpatente	adjetivo	cir|cum|pa|[ten]|te
circumpolar	adjetivo	cir|cum|po|[lar]
circumpor	verbo	cir|cum|[por]
circuncentro	nome masculino	cir|cun|[cen]|tro
circuncidada	nome feminino	cir|cun|ci|[da]|da
circuncidado	adjetivo	cir|cun|ci|[da]|do
circuncidado	nome masculino	cir|cun|ci|[da]|do
circuncidar	verbo	cir|cun|ci|[dar]
circuncisa	nome feminino	cir|cun|[ci]|sa
circuncisão	nome feminino	cir|cun|ci|[são]
circunciso	adjetivo	cir|cun|[ci]|so
circunciso	nome masculino	cir|cun|[ci]|so
circundação	nome feminino	cir|cun|da|[ção]
circundamento	nome masculino	cir|cun|da|[men]|to
circundante	adjetivo	cir|cun|[dan]|te
circundar	verbo	cir|cun|[dar]
circundável	adjetivo	cir|cun|[dá]|vel
circundução	nome feminino	cir|cun|du|[ção]
circundutar	verbo	cir|cun|du|[tar]
circunduto	adjetivo	cir|cun|[du]|to
circunferência	nome feminino	cir|cun|fe|[rên]|ci|a
circunferencial	adjetivo	cir|cun|fe|ren|ci|[al]
circunferente	adjetivo	cir|cun|fe|[ren]|te
circunflexamente	advérbio	cir|cun|fle|xa|[men]|te
circunflexão	nome feminino	cir|cun|fle|[xão]
circunflexo	adjetivo	cir|cun|[fle]|xo
circunfluência	nome feminino	cir|cun|flu|[ên]|ci|a
circunfluente	adjetivo	cir|cun|flu|[en]|te
circunfluir	verbo	cir|cun|flu|[ir]
circunforâneo	adjetivo	cir|cun|fo|[râ]|ne|o
circunfundir	verbo	cir|cun|fun|[dir]
circunfusa	nome feminino	cir|cun|[fu]|sa
circunfusão	nome feminino	cir|cun|fu|[são]
circungirar	verbo	cir|cun|gi|[rar]
circunjacência	nome feminino	cir|cun|ja|[cên]|ci|a
circunjacente	adjetivo	cir|cun|ja|[cen]|te
circunjazer	verbo	cir|cun|ja|[zer]
circunlabial	adjetivo	cir|cun|la|bi|[al]
circunlocução	nome feminino	cir|cun|lo|cu|[ção]
circunloquial	adjetivo	cir|cun|lo|qui|[al]
circunlóquio	nome masculino	cir|cun|[ló]|qui|o
circunrevoluto	adjetivo	cir|cun|re|vo|[lu]|to
circunrodar	verbo	cir|cun|ro|[dar]
circunscrever	verbo	cir|cuns|cre|[ver]
circunscrição	nome feminino	cir|cuns|cri|[ção]
circunscricional	adjetivo	cir|cuns|cri|ci|o|[nal]
circunscritível	adjetivo	cir|cuns|cri|[tí]|vel
circunscritivo	adjetivo	cir|cuns|cri|[ti]|vo
circunscrito	adjetivo	cir|cuns|[cri]|to
circunsessão	nome feminino	cir|cun|ses|[são]
circunsoante	adjetivo	cir|cun|so|[an]|te
circunsonante	adjetivo	cir|cun|so|[nan]|te
circunsonar	verbo	cir|cun|so|[nar]
circunspeção	nome feminino	cir|cuns|pe|[ção]
circunspecção	nome feminino	cir|cuns|pec|[ção]
circunspeccionar	verbo	cir|cuns|pec|ci|o|[nar]
circunspecionar	verbo	cir|cuns|pe|ci|o|[nar]
circunspectamente	advérbio	cir|cuns|pec|ta|[men]|te
circunspecto	adjetivo	cir|cuns|[pec]|to
circunspetamente	advérbio	cir|cuns|pe|ta|[men]|te
circunspeto	adjetivo	cir|cuns|[pe]|to
circunstância	nome feminino	cir|cuns|[tân]|ci|a
circunstanciadamente	advérbio	cir|cuns|tan|ci|a|da|[men]|te
circunstanciado	adjetivo	cir|cuns|tan|ci|[a]|do
circunstanciador	adjetivo	cir|cuns|tan|ci|a|[dor]
circunstanciador	nome masculino	cir|cuns|tan|ci|a|[dor]
circunstancial	adjetivo	cir|cuns|tan|ci|[al]
circunstancialmente	advérbio	cir|cuns|tan|ci|al|[men]|te
circunstanciar	verbo	cir|cuns|tan|ci|[ar]
