cafuleteiro	nome masculino	ca|fu|le|[tei]|ro
cafulo	nome masculino	ca|[fu]|lo
cafumango	nome masculino	ca|fu|[man]|go
cafumbã	nome feminino	ca|fum|[bã]
cafumbar	verbo	ca|fum|[bar]
cafunar	verbo	ca|fu|[nar]
cafundó	nome masculino	ca|fun|[dó]
cafundório	nome masculino	ca|fun|[dó]|ri|o
cafuné	nome masculino	ca|fu|[né]
cafunga	nome masculino	ca|[fun]|ga
cafungar	verbo	ca|fun|[gar]
cafungo	nome masculino	ca|[fun]|go
cafunje	nome masculino	ca|[fun]|je
cafunjice	nome feminino	ca|fun|[ji]|ce
cafurna	nome feminino	ca|[fur]|na
cafuz	adjetivo	ca|[fuz]
cafuz	nome masculino	ca|[fuz]
cafuz	nome feminino	ca|[fuz]
cafuza	nome feminino	ca|[fu]|za
cafuzar	verbo	ca|fu|[zar]
cafuzo	nome masculino	ca|[fu]|zo
cafuzo	adjetivo	ca|[fu]|zo
caga-lume	nome masculino	ca|ga-lu|me
cagaçal	nome masculino	ca|ga|[çal]
cagaço	nome masculino	ca|[ga]|ço
cagada	nome feminino	ca|[ga]|da
cagadela	nome feminino	ca|ga|[de]|la
cágado	nome masculino	[cá]|ga|do
cágado	adjetivo	[cá]|ga|do
cagaita	nome feminino	ca|[gai]|ta
cagaiteira	nome feminino	ca|gai|[tei]|ra
cagalhão	nome masculino	ca|ga|[lhão]
cagamasso	nome masculino	ca|ga|[mas]|so
caganato	nome masculino	ca|ga|[na]|to
cagança	nome feminino	ca|[gan]|ça
caganeira	nome feminino	ca|ga|[nei]|ra
caganeta	nome feminino	ca|ga|[ne]|ta
caganeta	nome masculino	ca|ga|[ne]|ta
caganifância	nome feminino	ca|ga|ni|[fân]|ci|a
caganifrates	nome masculino	ca|ga|ni|[fra]|tes
caganita	nome feminino	ca|ga|[ni]|ta
caganito	nome masculino	ca|ga|[ni]|to
cagão	nome masculino	ca|[gão]
cagão	adjetivo	ca|[gão]
cagar	verbo	ca|[gar]
cagaréu	nome masculino	ca|ga|[réu]
cagarola	adjetivo	ca|ga|[ro]|la
cagarola	nome masculino	ca|ga|[ro]|la
cagarola	nome feminino	ca|ga|[ro]|la
cagarra	nome feminino	ca|[gar]|ra
cagarraz	nome masculino	ca|gar|[raz]
cagarrinha	nome feminino	ca|gar|[ri]|nha
cagarro	adjetivo	ca|[gar]|ro
cagarro	nome masculino	ca|[gar]|ro
cagativo	adjetivo	ca|ga|[ti]|vo
cagolulo	nome masculino	ca|go|[lu]|lo
cagona	nome feminino	ca|[go]|na
cagosanga	nome feminino	ca|go|[san]|ga
cagotilho	nome masculino	ca|go|[ti]|lho
caguete	nome masculino	ca|[gue]|te
caguincha	nome masculino	ca|[guin]|cha
caguincha	nome feminino	ca|[guin]|cha
caguinchas	nome masculino	ca|[guin]|chas
caguinchas	nome feminino	ca|[guin]|chas
cagunço	nome masculino	ca|[gun]|ço
caí	nome masculino	ca|[í]
caiabana	nome feminino	cai|a|[ba]|na
caiação	nome feminino	cai|a|[ção]
caiada	nome feminino	cai|[a]|da
caiadeira	nome feminino	cai|a|[dei]|ra
caiadela	nome feminino	cai|a|[de]|la
caiado	nome masculino	cai|[a]|do
caiador	nome masculino	cai|a|[dor]
caiador	adjetivo	cai|a|[dor]
caiadora	nome feminino	cai|a|[do]|ra
caiadura	nome feminino	cai|a|[du]|ra
caiala	nome feminino	cai|[a]|la
caiana	nome masculino	cai|[a]|na
caiana	nome feminino	cai|[a]|na
caiané	nome masculino	cai|a|[né]
caiapiá	nome feminino	cai|a|pi|[á]
caiapiá	nome masculino	cai|a|pi|[á]
caiapó	nome masculino	cai|a|[pó]
caiapó	nome feminino	cai|a|[pó]
caiapó	adjetivo	cai|a|[pó]
caiaque	nome masculino	cai|[a]|que
caiar	verbo	cai|[ar]
caiarana	nome feminino	cai|a|[ra]|na
caiarara	nome masculino	cai|a|[ra]|ra
caiatino	adjetivo	cai|a|[ti]|no
caiatino	nome masculino	cai|a|[ti]|no
cãiba	nome feminino	[cãi]|ba
cãibal	nome masculino	[cãi]|bal
cãibas	nome feminino	[cãi]|bas
cãibeira	nome feminino	[cãi]|bei|ra
cãibeiro	nome masculino	[cãi]|bei|ro
cãibo	nome masculino	[cãi]|bo
cãibra	nome feminino	[cãi]|bra
caibrada	nome feminino	cai|[bra]|da
caibral	adjetivo	cai|[bral]
