caibramento	nome masculino	cai|bra|[men]|to
caibrar	verbo	cai|[brar]
caibro	nome masculino	[cai]|bro
caiçá	nome masculino	cai|[çá]
caiçaca	nome feminino	cai|[ça]|ca
caicaco	nome masculino	cai|[ca]|co
caicai	nome masculino	cai|[cai]
caicanha	nome feminino	cai|[ca]|nha
caiçara	nome masculino	cai|[ça]|ra
caiçara	nome feminino	cai|[ça]|ra
caiçarada	nome feminino	cai|ça|[ra]|da
caíco	adjetivo	ca|[í]|co
caíco	nome masculino	ca|[í]|co
caiçu	nome masculino	cai|[çu]
caiçuma	nome feminino	cai|[çu]|ma
caicumana	nome masculino	cai|cu|[ma]|na
caicurá	nome feminino	cai|cu|[rá]
caída	nome feminino	ca|[í]|da
caide	nome masculino	[cai]|de
caideiro	adjetivo	cai|[dei]|ro
caidela	nome feminino	cai|[de]|la
caidiço	adjetivo	cai|[di]|ço
caído	adjetivo	ca|[í]|do
caído	nome masculino	ca|[í]|do
caidor	adjetivo	cai|[dor]
caídos	nome masculino	ca|[í]|dos
caieira	nome feminino	cai|[ei]|ra
caieiro	nome masculino	cai|[ei]|ro
caiena	adjetivo	cai|[e]|na
caiena	nome masculino	cai|[e]|na
caiena	nome feminino	cai|[e]|na
caienense	nome masculino	cai|e|[nen]|se
caienense	adjetivo	cai|e|[nen]|se
caienense	nome feminino	cai|e|[nen]|se
caietano	adjetivo	cai|e|[ta]|no
caietano	nome masculino	cai|e|[ta]|no
caifás	nome masculino	cai|[fás]
caigangue	adjetivo	cai|[gan]|gue
caigangue	nome masculino	cai|[gan]|gue
caigangue	nome feminino	cai|[gan]|gue
caiguá	adjetivo	cai|[guá]
caim	nome masculino	ca|[im]
caimação	nome masculino	cai|ma|[ção]
caimal	nome masculino	cai|[mal]
caimão	nome masculino	cai|[mão]
caimão	adjetivo	cai|[mão]
caimbé	nome masculino	ca|im|[bé]
caimento	nome masculino	cai|[men]|to
caimiri	nome masculino	cai|mi|[ri]
caimiteiro	nome masculino	cai|mi|[tei]|ro
cainana	nome feminino	cai|[na]|na
cainça	nome feminino	ca|[in]|ça
cainçada	nome feminino	ca|in|[ça]|da
cainçalha	nome feminino	ca|in|[ça]|lha
cainçar	verbo	ca|in|[çar]
caincento	adjetivo	ca|in|[cen]|to
cainço	nome masculino	ca|[in]|ço
cainga	nome masculino	ca|[in]|ga
caingá	nome masculino	ca|in|[gá]
caingá	nome feminino	ca|in|[gá]
caingangue	adjetivo	ca|in|[gan]|gue
caingangue	nome masculino	ca|in|[gan]|gue
caingangue	nome feminino	ca|in|[gan]|gue
cainhar	verbo	ca|i|[nhar]
cainheza	nome feminino	ca|i|[nhe]|za
cainho	adjetivo	ca|[i]|nho
cainho	nome masculino	ca|[i]|nho
caio	nome masculino	[cai]|o
caiongo	adjetivo	cai|[on]|go
caiorro	nome masculino	cai|[or]|ro
caiota	nome feminino	cai|[o]|ta
caipira	adjetivo	cai|[pi]|ra
caipira	nome masculino	cai|[pi]|ra
caipira	nome feminino	cai|[pi]|ra
caipirada	nome feminino	cai|pi|[ra]|da
caipiragem	nome feminino	cai|pi|[ra]|gem
caipirice	nome feminino	cai|pi|[ri]|ce
caipirinha	nome feminino	cai|pi|[ri]|nha
caipirismo	nome masculino	cai|pi|[ris]|mo
caipirosca	nome feminino	cai|pi|[ros]|ca
caipora	nome masculino	cai|[po]|ra
caipora	nome feminino	cai|[po]|ra
caipora	adjetivo	cai|[po]|ra
caiporice	nome feminino	cai|po|[ri]|ce
caiporismo	nome masculino	cai|po|[ris]|mo
caipuna	nome feminino	cai|[pu]|na
caíque	nome masculino	ca|[í]|que
caiqueiro	nome masculino	cai|[quei]|ro
cair	verbo	ca|[ir]
cairana	nome feminino	cai|[ra]|na
cairara	adjetivo	cai|[ra]|ra
cairara	nome masculino	cai|[ra]|ra
cairel	nome masculino	cai|[rel]
cairelar	verbo	cai|re|[lar]
cairi	nome masculino	cai|[ri]
cairiri	adjetivo	cai|ri|[ri]
cairiri	nome masculino	cai|ri|[ri]
cairiri	nome feminino	cai|ri|[ri]
cairo	nome masculino	[cai]|ro
cairota	nome masculino	cai|[ro]|ta
