colhereira	nome feminino	co|lhe|[rei]|ra
colhereiro	nome masculino	co|lhe|[rei]|ro
colherete	nome masculino	co|lhe|[re]|te
colheril	nome masculino	co|lhe|[ril]
colherim	nome masculino	co|lhe|[rim]
colhida	nome feminino	co|[lhi]|da
colhimento	nome masculino	co|lhi|[men]|to
cóli	nome masculino	[có]|li
coliâmbico	adjetivo	co|li|[âm]|bi|co
coliambo	nome masculino	co|li|[am]|bo
colibacilar	adjetivo	co|li|ba|ci|[lar]
colibacilo	nome masculino	co|li|ba|[ci]|lo
colibacilose	nome feminino	co|li|ba|ci|[lo]|se
colibri	nome masculino	co|li|[bri]
cólica	nome feminino	[có]|li|ca
colicativo	adjetivo	co|li|ca|[ti]|vo
colicitante	nome masculino	co|li|ci|[tan]|te
colicitante	nome feminino	co|li|ci|[tan]|te
cólico	adjetivo	[có]|li|co
colidir	verbo	co|li|[dir]
colífero	adjetivo	co|[lí]|fe|ro
colífios	nome masculino	co|[lí]|fi|os
coliforme	nome masculino	co|li|[for]|me
coliforme	adjetivo	co|li|[for]|me
coligação	nome feminino	co|li|ga|[ção]
coligar	verbo	co|li|[gar]
coligativo	adjetivo	co|li|ga|[ti]|vo
coligido	adjetivo	co|li|[gi]|do
coligir	verbo	co|li|[gir]
coligível	adjetivo	co|li|[gí]|vel
cólima	nome feminino	[có]|li|ma
colimação	nome feminino	co|li|ma|[ção]
colimador	nome masculino	co|li|ma|[dor]
colimar	verbo	co|li|[mar]
colímbida	nome masculino	co|[lím]|bi|da
colimbídeo	nome masculino	co|lim|[bí]|de|o
colimbídeo	adjetivo	co|lim|[bí]|de|o
colimbídeo	nome masculino	co|lim|[bí]|de|o
colimbo	nome masculino	co|[lim]|bo
colimbriense	adjetivo	co|lim|bri|[en]|se
colimbriense	nome masculino	co|lim|bri|[en]|se
colimbriense	nome feminino	co|lim|bri|[en]|se
colimitação	nome feminino	co|li|mi|ta|[ção]
colimitar	verbo	co|li|mi|[tar]
colina	nome feminino	co|[li]|na
colineação	nome feminino	co|li|ne|a|[ção]
colinear	verbo	co|li|ne|[ar]
colinear	adjetivo	co|li|ne|[ar]
colinérgico	adjetivo	co|li|[nér]|gi|co
colino	adjetivo	co|[li]|no
colino	nome masculino	co|[li]|no
colinoso	adjetivo	co|li|[no]|so
cólio	nome masculino	[có]|li|o
coliponense	nome masculino	co|li|po|[nen]|se
coliponense	adjetivo	co|li|po|[nen]|se
coliponense	nome feminino	co|li|po|[nen]|se
coliquação	nome feminino	co|li|qua|[ção]
coliquante	adjetivo	co|li|[quan]|te
coliquar	verbo	co|li|[quar]
coliquativo	adjetivo	co|li|qua|[ti]|vo
colírio	nome masculino	co|[lí]|ri|o
colirrostro	nome masculino	co|lir|[ros]|tro
colisão	nome feminino	co|li|[são]
coliseu	nome masculino	co|li|[seu]
colite	nome feminino	co|[li]|te
colitigação	nome feminino	co|li|ti|ga|[ção]
colitigante	adjetivo	co|li|ti|[gan]|te
colitigante	nome masculino	co|li|ti|[gan]|te
colitigante	nome feminino	co|li|ti|[gan]|te
colitigar	verbo	co|li|ti|[gar]
collants	nome masculino	[col]|lants
collinsónia	nome feminino	col|lin|[só]|ni|a
collinsônia	nome feminino	col|lin|[sô]|ni|a
colmaça	adjetivo	col|[ma]|ça
colmaça	nome feminino	col|[ma]|ça
colmaçar	verbo	col|ma|[çar]
colmaço	nome masculino	col|[ma]|ço
colmado	nome masculino	col|[ma]|do
colmagem	nome feminino	col|[ma]|gem
colmar	verbo	col|[mar]
colmar	adjetivo	col|[mar]
colmata	nome feminino	col|[ma]|ta
colmatagem	nome feminino	col|ma|[ta]|gem
colmatar	verbo	col|ma|[tar]
colmeal	nome masculino	col|me|[al]
colmeeiro	nome masculino	col|me|[ei]|ro
colmeia	nome feminino	col|[mei]|a
colmeiforme	adjetivo	col|mei|[for]|me
colmeiro	nome masculino	col|[mei]|ro
colmífero	adjetivo	col|[mí]|fe|ro
colmilho	nome masculino	col|[mi]|lho
colmilhoso	adjetivo	col|mi|[lho]|so
colmilhudo	adjetivo	col|mi|[lhu]|do
colmo	nome masculino	[col]|mo
colo	nome masculino	[co]|lo
colobacilar	adjetivo	co|lo|ba|ci|[lar]
colobacilo	nome masculino	co|lo|ba|[ci]|lo
colobacilose	nome feminino	co|lo|ba|ci|[lo]|se
colóbio	nome masculino	co|[ló]|bi|o
colocação	nome feminino	co|lo|ca|[ção]
