coloratura	adjetivo	co|lo|ra|[tu]|ra
colorau	nome masculino	co|lo|[rau]
colorear	verbo	co|lo|re|[ar]
colorido	adjetivo	co|lo|[ri]|do
colorido	nome masculino	co|lo|[ri]|do
colorífico	adjetivo	co|lo|[rí]|fi|co
colorimetria	nome feminino	co|lo|ri|me|[tri]|a
colorimétrico	adjetivo	co|lo|ri|[mé]|tri|co
colorímetro	nome masculino	co|lo|[rí]|me|tro
colorina	nome feminino	co|lo|[ri]|na
colorir	verbo	co|lo|[rir]
coloriscópio	nome masculino	co|lo|ris|[có]|pi|o
colorismo	nome masculino	co|lo|[ris]|mo
colorista	nome masculino	co|lo|[ris]|ta
colorista	nome feminino	co|lo|[ris]|ta
colorível	adjetivo	co|lo|[rí]|vel
colorização	nome feminino	co|lo|ri|za|[ção]
colorizar	verbo	co|lo|ri|[zar]
colorragia	nome feminino	co|lor|ra|[gi]|a
colorrágico	adjetivo	co|lor|[rá]|gi|co
colorreia	nome feminino	co|lor|[rei]|a
colorreico	adjetivo	co|lor|[rei]|co
colorretite	nome feminino	co|lor|re|[ti]|te
coloscopia	nome feminino	co|los|co|[pi]|a
colossal	adjetivo	co|los|[sal]
colossalidade	nome feminino	co|los|sa|li|[da]|de
colossalmente	advérbio	co|los|sal|[men]|te
colosso	nome masculino	co|[los]|so
colostomia	nome feminino	co|los|to|[mi]|a
colostomizar	verbo	co|los|to|mi|[zar]
colostração	nome feminino	co|los|tra|[ção]
colostral	adjetivo	co|los|[tral]
colostro	nome masculino	co|[los]|tro
colotipia	nome feminino	co|lo|ti|[pi]|a
colotomia	nome feminino	co|lo|to|[mi]|a
colotômico	adjetivo	co|lo|[tô]|mi|co
colotómico	adjetivo	co|lo|[tó]|mi|co
colpectomia	nome feminino	col|pec|to|[mi]|a
colpectômico	adjetivo	col|pec|[tô]|mi|co
colpectómico	adjetivo	col|pec|[tó]|mi|co
colpite	nome feminino	col|[pi]|te
colpocele	nome feminino	col|po|[ce]|le
cólpode	nome masculino	[cól]|po|de
colpoplastia	nome feminino	col|po|plas|[ti]|a
colpoplástico	adjetivo	col|po|[plás]|ti|co
colpoptose	nome feminino	col|pop|[to]|se
colporrafia	nome feminino	col|por|ra|[fi]|a
colporráfico	adjetivo	col|por|[rá]|fi|co
colporragia	nome feminino	col|por|ra|[gi]|a
colporrágico	adjetivo	col|por|[rá]|gi|co
colposcopia	nome feminino	col|pos|co|[pi]|a
colposcópio	nome masculino	col|pos|[có]|pi|o
colpostenose	nome feminino	col|pos|te|[no]|se
colpotomia	nome feminino	col|po|to|[mi]|a
colpotômico	adjetivo	col|po|[tô]|mi|co
colpotómico	adjetivo	col|po|[tó]|mi|co
colquicina	nome feminino	col|qui|[ci]|na
cólquico	nome masculino	[cól]|qui|co
coltar	nome masculino	col|[tar]
coltarização	nome feminino	col|ta|ri|za|[ção]
coltarizar	verbo	col|ta|ri|[zar]
colubreado	adjetivo	co|lu|bre|[a]|do
colubreante	adjetivo	co|lu|bre|[an]|te
colubrear	verbo	co|lu|bre|[ar]
colubrejar	verbo	co|lu|bre|[jar]
colubreta	nome feminino	co|lu|[bre]|ta
colúbrida	nome masculino	co|[lú]|bri|da
colubrídeo	nome masculino	co|lu|[brí]|de|o
colubrídeo	nome masculino	co|lu|[brí]|de|o
colubrídeo	adjetivo	co|lu|[brí]|de|o
colubrina	nome feminino	co|lu|[bri]|na
colubrino	adjetivo	co|lu|[bri]|no
coludente	adjetivo	co|lu|[den]|te
coludir	verbo	co|lu|[dir]
coluio	nome masculino	co|[lui]|o
columbário	nome masculino	co|lum|[bá]|ri|o
colúmbeo	adjetivo	co|[lúm]|be|o
colúmbia	nome feminino	co|[lúm]|bi|a
columbicultor	adjetivo	co|lum|bi|cul|[tor]
columbicultor	nome masculino	co|lum|bi|cul|[tor]
columbicultura	nome feminino	co|lum|bi|cul|[tu]|ra
colúmbida	nome masculino	co|[lúm]|bi|da
colúmbida	adjetivo	co|[lúm]|bi|da
columbídeo	nome masculino	co|lum|[bí]|de|o
columbídeo	adjetivo	co|lum|[bí]|de|o
columbina	nome feminino	co|lum|[bi]|na
columbino	adjetivo	co|lum|[bi]|no
columbino	nome masculino	co|lum|[bi]|no
colúmbio	nome masculino	co|[lúm]|bi|o
columbite	nome feminino	co|lum|[bi]|te
columbófila	nome feminino	co|lum|[bó]|fi|la
columbofilia	nome feminino	co|lum|bo|fi|[li]|a
columbófilo	nome masculino	co|lum|[bó]|fi|lo
columbófilo	adjetivo	co|lum|[bó]|fi|lo
columbograma	nome masculino	co|lum|bo|[gra]|ma
columela	nome feminino	co|lu|[me]|la
columelado	adjetivo	co|lu|me|[la]|do
columelar	adjetivo	co|lu|me|[lar]
coluna	nome feminino	co|[lu]|na
colunar	adjetivo	co|lu|[nar]
