compatibilizar	verbo	com|pa|ti|bi|li|[zar]
compatível	adjetivo	com|pa|[tí]|vel
compatível	nome masculino	com|pa|[tí]|vel
compativelmente	advérbio	com|pa|ti|vel|[men]|te
compatrício	nome masculino	com|pa|[trí]|ci|o
compatriota	adjetivo	com|pa|tri|[o]|ta
compatriota	nome masculino	com|pa|tri|[o]|ta
compatriota	nome feminino	com|pa|tri|[o]|ta
compatriotismo	nome masculino	com|pa|tri|o|[tis]|mo
compelação	nome feminino	com|pe|la|[ção]
compelatão	nome feminino	com|pe|la|[tão]
compelativo	adjetivo	com|pe|la|[ti]|vo
compelido	adjetivo	com|pe|[li]|do
compelido	nome masculino	com|pe|[li]|do
compelir	verbo	com|pe|[lir]
compendiador	nome masculino	com|pen|di|a|[dor]
compendiar	verbo	com|pen|di|[ar]
compendiável	adjetivo	com|pen|di|[á]|vel
compêndio	nome masculino	com|[pên]|di|o
compendíolo	nome masculino	com|pen|[dí]|o|lo
compendiosamente	advérbio	com|pen|di|o|sa|[men]|te
compendioso	adjetivo	com|pen|di|[o]|so
compenetração	nome feminino	com|pe|ne|tra|[ção]
compenetradamente	advérbio	com|pe|ne|tra|da|[men]|te
compenetrado	adjetivo	com|pe|ne|[tra]|do
compenetrar	verbo	com|pe|ne|[trar]
compensabilidade	nome feminino	com|pen|sa|bi|li|[da]|de
compensação	nome feminino	com|pen|sa|[ção]
compensacionismo	nome masculino	com|pen|sa|ci|o|[nis]|mo
compensado	adjetivo	com|pen|[sa]|do
compensador	adjetivo	com|pen|sa|[dor]
compensador	nome masculino	com|pen|sa|[dor]
compensadora	nome feminino	com|pen|sa|[do]|ra
compensar	verbo	com|pen|[sar]
compensativamente	advérbio	com|pen|sa|ti|va|[men]|te
compensativo	adjetivo	com|pen|sa|[ti]|vo
compensatoriamente	advérbio	com|pen|sa|to|ri|a|[men]|te
compensatório	adjetivo	com|pen|sa|[tó]|ri|o
compensável	adjetivo	com|pen|[sá]|vel
compère	nome masculino	com|père
comperto	adjetivo	com|[per]|to
competência	nome feminino	com|pe|[tên]|ci|a
competente	adjetivo	com|pe|[ten]|te
competente	nome masculino	com|pe|[ten]|te
competente	nome feminino	com|pe|[ten]|te
competentíssimo	adjetivo	com|pe|ten|[tís]|si|mo
competição	nome feminino	com|pe|ti|[ção]
competidor	adjetivo	com|pe|ti|[dor]
competidor	nome masculino	com|pe|ti|[dor]
competidora	nome feminino	com|pe|ti|[do]|ra
competir	verbo	com|pe|[tir]
competitividade	nome feminino	com|pe|ti|ti|vi|[da]|de
competitivo	adjetivo	com|pe|ti|[ti]|vo
compilação	nome feminino	com|pi|la|[ção]
compilador	nome masculino	com|pi|la|[dor]
compilador	adjetivo	com|pi|la|[dor]
compiladora	nome feminino	com|pi|la|[do]|ra
compilar	verbo	com|pi|[lar]
compilatório	adjetivo	com|pi|la|[tó]|ri|o
compilável	adjetivo	com|pi|[lá]|vel
compincha	nome masculino	com|[pin]|cha
compincha	nome feminino	com|[pin]|cha
compita	nome feminino	com|[pi]|ta
cômpito	nome masculino	[côm]|pi|to
complacência	nome feminino	com|pla|[cên]|ci|a
complacente	adjetivo	com|pla|[cen]|te
complacentemente	advérbio	com|pla|cen|te|[men]|te
complanação	nome feminino	com|pla|na|[ção]
complanar	verbo	com|pla|[nar]
complectível	adjetivo	com|plec|[tí]|vel
complectivo	adjetivo	com|plec|[ti]|vo
compleição	nome feminino	com|plei|[ção]
compleicionado	adjetivo	com|plei|ci|o|[na]|do
compleicional	adjetivo	com|plei|ci|o|[nal]
compleiçoado	adjetivo	com|plei|ço|[a]|do
complementação	nome feminino	com|ple|men|ta|[ção]
complementar	adjetivo	com|ple|men|[tar]
complementar	verbo	com|ple|men|[tar]
complementaridade	nome feminino	com|ple|men|ta|ri|[da]|de
complementário	adjetivo	com|ple|men|[tá]|ri|o
complementarmente	advérbio	com|ple|men|tar|[men]|te
complemento	nome masculino	com|ple|[men]|to
complente	adjetivo	com|[plen]|te
completação	nome feminino	com|ple|ta|[ção]
completadão	nome feminino	com|ple|ta|[dão]
completador	adjetivo	com|ple|ta|[dor]
completador	nome masculino	com|ple|ta|[dor]
completamente	advérbio	com|ple|ta|[men]|te
completamento	nome masculino	com|ple|ta|[men]|to
completar	verbo	com|ple|[tar]
completas	nome feminino	com|[ple]|tas
completável	adjetivo	com|ple|[tá]|vel
completíssimo	adjetivo	com|ple|[tís]|si|mo
completitude	nome feminino	com|ple|ti|[tu]|de
completível	adjetivo	com|ple|[tí]|vel
completivo	adjetivo	com|ple|[ti]|vo
completo	nome masculino	com|[ple]|to
completo	adjetivo	com|[ple]|to
completório	nome masculino	com|ple|[tó]|ri|o
completude	nome feminino	com|ple|[tu]|de
