compressimétrico	adjetivo	com|pres|si|[mé]|tri|co
compressímetro	nome masculino	com|pres|[sí]|me|tro
compressivamente	advérbio	com|pres|si|va|[men]|te
compressível	adjetivo	com|pres|[sí]|vel
compressividade	nome feminino	com|pres|si|vi|[da]|de
compressivo	adjetivo	com|pres|[si]|vo
compresso	adjetivo	com|[pres]|so
compressor	nome masculino	com|pres|[sor]
compressor	adjetivo	com|pres|[sor]
compressório	adjetivo	com|pres|[só]|ri|o
compridamente	advérbio	com|pri|da|[men]|te
compridão	nome feminino	com|pri|[dão]
compridez	nome feminino	com|pri|[dez]
comprido	adjetivo	com|[pri]|do
comprimente	adjetivo	com|pri|[men]|te
comprimento	nome masculino	com|pri|[men]|to
comprimidamente	advérbio	com|pri|mi|da|[men]|te
comprimido	nome masculino	com|pri|[mi]|do
comprimido	adjetivo	com|pri|[mi]|do
comprimir	verbo	com|pri|[mir]
comprimível	adjetivo	com|pri|[mí]|vel
comprobante	adjetivo	com|pro|[ban]|te
comprobativamente	advérbio	com|pro|ba|ti|va|[men]|te
comprobativo	adjetivo	com|pro|ba|[ti]|vo
comprobatoriamente	advérbio	com|pro|ba|to|ri|a|[men]|te
comprobatório	adjetivo	com|pro|ba|[tó]|ri|o
comprometedor	adjetivo	com|pro|me|te|[dor]
comprometedor	nome masculino	com|pro|me|te|[dor]
comprometer	verbo	com|pro|me|[ter]
comprometido	adjetivo	com|pro|me|[ti]|do
comprometimento	nome masculino	com|pro|me|ti|[men]|to
compromissar	verbo	com|pro|mis|[sar]
compromissário	adjetivo	com|pro|mis|[sá]|ri|o
compromissário	nome masculino	com|pro|mis|[sá]|ri|o
compromissivo	adjetivo	com|pro|mis|[si]|vo
compromisso	nome masculino	com|pro|[mis]|so
compromissório	adjetivo	com|pro|mis|[só]|ri|o
compromitente	adjetivo	com|pro|mi|[ten]|te
compromitente	nome masculino	com|pro|mi|[ten]|te
compromitente	nome feminino	com|pro|mi|[ten]|te
compropriedade	nome feminino	com|pro|pri|e|[da]|de
comproprietária	nome feminino	com|pro|pri|e|[tá]|ri|a
comproprietário	adjetivo	com|pro|pri|e|[tá]|ri|o
comproprietário	nome masculino	com|pro|pri|e|[tá]|ri|o
comprotetor	nome masculino	com|pro|te|[tor]
comprovação	nome feminino	com|pro|va|[ção]
comprovadamente	advérbio	com|pro|va|da|[men]|te
comprovado	adjetivo	com|pro|[va]|do
comprovador	nome masculino	com|pro|va|[dor]
comprovador	adjetivo	com|pro|va|[dor]
comprovante	nome masculino	com|pro|[van]|te
comprovante	adjetivo	com|pro|[van]|te
comprovar	verbo	com|pro|[var]
comprovativamente	advérbio	com|pro|va|ti|va|[men]|te
comprovatividade	nome feminino	com|pro|va|ti|vi|[da]|de
comprovativo	adjetivo	com|pro|va|[ti]|vo
comprovativo	nome masculino	com|pro|va|[ti]|vo
comprovável	adjetivo	com|pro|[vá]|vel
comprovincial	adjetivo	com|pro|vin|ci|[al]
comprovincial	nome masculino	com|pro|vin|ci|[al]
comprovincial	nome feminino	com|pro|vin|ci|[al]
comprovinciano	adjetivo	com|pro|vin|ci|[a]|no
comprovinciano	nome masculino	com|pro|vin|ci|[a]|no
compsano	adjetivo	comp|[sa]|no
compsano	nome masculino	comp|[sa]|no
compso	nome masculino	[comp]|so
compsócero	nome masculino	comp|[só]|ce|ro
compsossomo	nome masculino	comp|sos|[so]|mo
compugnar	verbo	com|pug|[nar]
compulsação	nome feminino	com|pul|sa|[ção]
compulsador	adjetivo	com|pul|sa|[dor]
compulsador	nome masculino	com|pul|sa|[dor]
compulsão	nome feminino	com|pul|[são]
compulsar	verbo	com|pul|[sar]
compulsável	adjetivo	com|pul|[sá]|vel
compulsivamente	advérbio	com|pul|si|va|[men]|te
compulsividade	nome feminino	com|pul|si|vi|[da]|de
compulsivo	adjetivo	com|pul|[si]|vo
compulsória	nome feminino	com|pul|[só]|ri|a
compulsoriamente	advérbio	com|pul|so|ri|a|[men]|te
compulsório	adjetivo	com|pul|[só]|ri|o
compunção	nome feminino	com|pun|[ção]
compungidamente	advérbio	com|pun|gi|da|[men]|te
compungido	adjetivo	com|pun|[gi]|do
compungimento	nome masculino	com|pun|gi|[men]|to
compungir	verbo	com|pun|[gir]
compungitivo	adjetivo	com|pun|gi|[ti]|vo
compurgação	nome feminino	com|pur|ga|[ção]
compurgador	adjetivo	com|pur|ga|[dor]
compurgador	nome masculino	com|pur|ga|[dor]
compurgar	verbo	com|pur|[gar]
computação	nome feminino	com|pu|ta|[ção]
computacional	adjetivo	com|pu|ta|ci|o|[nal]
computador	nome masculino	com|pu|ta|[dor]
computador	adjetivo	com|pu|ta|[dor]
computadora	nome feminino	com|pu|ta|[do]|ra
computadorizado	adjetivo	com|pu|ta|do|ri|[za]|do
computadorizar	verbo	com|pu|ta|do|ri|[zar]
computadorizável	adjetivo	com|pu|ta|do|ri|[zá]|vel
computar	verbo	com|pu|[tar]
