côncano	nome masculino	[côn]|ca|no
concassivo	adjetivo	con|cas|[si]|vo
concassor	nome masculino	con|cas|[sor]
concatenação	nome feminino	con|ca|te|na|[ção]
concatenador	adjetivo	con|ca|te|na|[dor]
concatenador	nome masculino	con|ca|te|na|[dor]
concatenamento	nome masculino	con|ca|te|na|[men]|to
concatenar	verbo	con|ca|te|[nar]
concausa	nome feminino	con|[cau]|sa
concava	nome feminino	con|[ca]|va
concavar	verbo	con|ca|[var]
concavidade	nome feminino	con|ca|vi|[da]|de
concavifoliado	adjetivo	con|ca|vi|fo|li|[a]|do
côncavo	nome masculino	[côn]|ca|vo
côncavo	adjetivo	[côn]|ca|vo
côncavo-côncavo	adjetivo	côn|ca|vo-côn|ca|vo
côncavo-convexo	adjetivo	côn|ca|vo-con|[ve]|xo
conceber	verbo	con|ce|[ber]
concebido	adjetivo	con|ce|[bi]|do
concebimento	nome masculino	con|ce|bi|[men]|to
concebível	adjetivo	con|ce|[bí]|vel
conceção	nome feminino	con|ce|[ção]
concecional	adjetivo	con|ce|ci|o|[nal]
concecionário	nome masculino	con|ce|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
concecionário	adjetivo	con|ce|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
concedente	adjetivo	con|ce|[den]|te
concedente	nome masculino	con|ce|[den]|te
concedente	nome feminino	con|ce|[den]|te
conceder	verbo	con|ce|[der]
concedido	adjetivo	con|ce|[di]|do
concedível	adjetivo	con|ce|[dí]|vel
conceição	nome feminino	con|cei|[ção]
conceicionista	adjetivo	con|cei|ci|o|[nis]|ta
conceicionista	nome feminino	con|cei|ci|o|[nis]|ta
conceiçoense	adjetivo	con|cei|ço|[en]|se
conceiçoense	nome masculino	con|cei|ço|[en]|se
conceiçoense	nome feminino	con|cei|ço|[en]|se
conceitista	nome masculino	con|cei|[tis]|ta
conceitista	nome feminino	con|cei|[tis]|ta
conceito	nome masculino	con|[cei]|to
conceituado	adjetivo	con|cei|tu|[a]|do
conceitual	adjetivo	con|cei|tu|[al]
conceitualidade	nome feminino	con|cei|tu|a|li|[da]|de
conceitualismo	nome masculino	con|cei|tu|a|[lis]|mo
conceitualista	nome masculino	con|cei|tu|a|[lis]|ta
conceitualista	nome feminino	con|cei|tu|a|[lis]|ta
conceitualização	nome feminino	con|cei|tu|a|li|za|[ção]
conceitualizar	verbo	con|cei|tu|a|li|[zar]
conceitualizável	adjetivo	con|cei|tu|a|li|[zá]|vel
conceituar	verbo	con|cei|tu|[ar]
conceituosamente	advérbio	con|cei|tu|o|sa|[men]|te
conceituoso	adjetivo	con|cei|tu|[o]|so
concelebração	nome feminino	con|ce|le|bra|[ção]
concelebrante	adjetivo	con|ce|le|[bran]|te
concelebrante	nome masculino	con|ce|le|[bran]|te
concelebrante	nome feminino	con|ce|le|[bran]|te
concelebrar	verbo	con|ce|le|[brar]
concelheiro	nome masculino	con|ce|[lhei]|ro
concelheiro	adjetivo	con|ce|[lhei]|ro
concelhia	nome feminino	con|ce|[lhi]|a
concelhio	adjetivo	con|ce|[lhi]|o
concelho	nome masculino	con|[ce]|lho
concento	nome masculino	con|[cen]|to
concentração	nome feminino	con|cen|tra|[ção]
concentracionário	adjetivo	con|cen|tra|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
concentradamente	advérbio	con|cen|tra|da|[men]|te
concentrado	adjetivo	con|cen|[tra]|do
concentrado	nome masculino	con|cen|[tra]|do
concentrador	adjetivo	con|cen|tra|[dor]
concentrador	nome masculino	con|cen|tra|[dor]
concentralização	nome feminino	con|cen|tra|li|za|[ção]
concentrar	verbo	con|cen|[trar]
concentrável	adjetivo	con|cen|[trá]|vel
concentricamente	advérbio	con|cen|tri|ca|[men]|te
concentricidade	nome feminino	con|cen|tri|ci|[da]|de
concêntrico	adjetivo	con|[cên]|tri|co
concentrismo	nome masculino	con|cen|[tris]|mo
concentrista	nome masculino	con|cen|[tris]|ta
concentrista	nome feminino	con|cen|[tris]|ta
concepção	nome feminino	con|cep|[ção]
concepcional	adjetivo	con|cep|ci|o|[nal]
concepcionário	adjetivo	con|cep|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
concepcionário	nome masculino	con|cep|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
conceptaculífero	adjetivo	con|cep|ta|cu|[lí]|fe|ro
conceptáculo	nome masculino	con|cep|[tá]|cu|lo
conceptibilidade	nome feminino	con|cep|ti|bi|li|[da]|de
conceptismo	nome masculino	con|cep|[tis]|mo
conceptista	adjetivo	con|cep|[tis]|ta
conceptista	nome masculino	con|cep|[tis]|ta
conceptista	nome feminino	con|cep|[tis]|ta
conceptístico	adjetivo	con|cep|[tís]|ti|co
conceptiva	nome feminino	con|cep|[ti]|va
conceptível	adjetivo	con|cep|[tí]|vel
conceptividade	nome feminino	con|cep|ti|vi|[da]|de
conceptivo	adjetivo	con|cep|[ti]|vo
conceptual	adjetivo	con|cep|tu|[al]
conceptualismo	nome masculino	con|cep|tu|a|[lis]|mo
conceptualista	adjetivo	con|cep|tu|a|[lis]|ta
conceptualista	nome masculino	con|cep|tu|a|[lis]|ta
conceptualista	nome feminino	con|cep|tu|a|[lis]|ta
