concionar	verbo	con|ci|o|[nar]
concionário	adjetivo	con|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
concionatório	adjetivo	con|ci|o|na|[tó]|ri|o
concisamente	advérbio	con|ci|sa|[men]|te
concisão	nome feminino	con|ci|[são]
conciso	adjetivo	con|[ci]|so
concitação	nome feminino	con|ci|ta|[ção]
concitador	adjetivo	con|ci|ta|[dor]
concitador	nome masculino	con|ci|ta|[dor]
concitante	adjetivo	con|ci|[tan]|te
concitar	verbo	con|ci|[tar]
concitativo	adjetivo	con|ci|ta|[ti]|vo
concitável	adjetivo	con|ci|[tá]|vel
conclamação	nome feminino	con|cla|ma|[ção]
conclamador	adjetivo	con|cla|ma|[dor]
conclamador	nome masculino	con|cla|ma|[dor]
conclamante	adjetivo	con|cla|[man]|te
conclamar	verbo	con|cla|[mar]
conclave	nome masculino	con|[cla]|ve
conclavista	nome masculino	con|cla|[vis]|ta
conclavista	nome feminino	con|cla|[vis]|ta
concludência	nome feminino	con|clu|[dên]|ci|a
concludente	adjetivo	con|clu|[den]|te
concludentemente	advérbio	con|clu|den|te|[men]|te
concluído	adjetivo	con|clu|[í]|do
concluinte	adjetivo	con|clu|[in]|te
concluir	verbo	con|clu|[ir]
conclusão	nome feminino	con|clu|[são]
conclusionista	nome masculino	con|clu|si|o|[nis]|ta
conclusionista	nome feminino	con|clu|si|o|[nis]|ta
conclusiva	nome feminino	con|clu|[si]|va
conclusivamente	advérbio	con|clu|si|va|[men]|te
conclusividade	nome feminino	con|clu|si|vi|[da]|de
conclusivo	adjetivo	con|clu|[si]|vo
concluso	adjetivo	con|[clu]|so
concocção	nome feminino	con|coc|[ção]
concoctivo	adjetivo	con|coc|[ti]|vo
concoctor	adjetivo	con|coc|[tor]
concoidal	adjetivo	con|coi|[dal]
concoide	adjetivo	con|[coi]|de
concoide	nome feminino	con|[coi]|de
concologia	nome feminino	con|co|lo|[gi]|a
concológico	adjetivo	con|co|[ló]|gi|co
concolor	adjetivo	con|co|[lor]
concom	nome masculino	[con]|com
concométrico	adjetivo	con|co|[mé]|tri|co
concómetro	nome masculino	con|[có]|me|tro
concômetro	nome masculino	con|[cô]|me|tro
concomitância	nome feminino	con|co|mi|[tân]|ci|a
concomitante	adjetivo	con|co|mi|[tan]|te
concomitantemente	advérbio	con|co|mi|tan|te|[men]|te
concordância	nome feminino	con|cor|[dân]|ci|a
concordante	adjetivo	con|cor|[dan]|te
concordar	verbo	con|cor|[dar]
concordata	nome feminino	con|cor|[da]|ta
concordatário	nome masculino	con|cor|da|[tá]|ri|o
concordatário	adjetivo	con|cor|da|[tá]|ri|o
concordável	adjetivo	con|cor|[dá]|vel
concorde	adjetivo	con|[cor]|de
concórdia	nome feminino	con|[cór]|di|a
concordismo	nome masculino	con|cor|[dis]|mo
concordista	adjetivo	con|cor|[dis]|ta
concordista	nome masculino	con|cor|[dis]|ta
concordista	nome feminino	con|cor|[dis]|ta
concordístico	adjetivo	con|cor|[dís]|ti|co
concorpóreo	adjetivo	con|cor|[pó]|re|o
concorrência	nome feminino	con|cor|[rên]|ci|a
concorrencial	adjetivo	con|cor|ren|ci|[al]
concorrente	adjetivo	con|cor|[ren]|te
concorrente	nome masculino	con|cor|[ren]|te
concorrente	nome feminino	con|cor|[ren]|te
concorrentemente	advérbio	con|cor|ren|te|[men]|te
concorrer	verbo	con|cor|[rer]
concorridíssimo	adjetivo	con|cor|ri|[dís]|si|mo
concorrido	adjetivo	con|cor|[ri]|do
concotomia	nome feminino	con|co|to|[mi]|a
concreção	nome feminino	con|cre|[ção]
concrecionado	adjetivo	con|cre|ci|o|[na]|do
concrecionar	verbo	con|cre|ci|o|[nar]
concrescência	nome feminino	con|cres|[cên]|ci|a
concrescente	adjetivo	con|cres|[cen]|te
concrescibilidade	nome feminino	con|cres|ci|bi|li|[da]|de
concrescível	adjetivo	con|cres|[cí]|vel
concretamente	advérbio	con|cre|ta|[men]|te
concretismo	nome masculino	con|cre|[tis]|mo
concretizabilidade	nome feminino	con|cre|ti|za|bi|li|[da]|de
concretização	nome feminino	con|cre|ti|za|[ção]
concretizado	adjetivo	con|cre|ti|[za]|do
concretizador	adjetivo	con|cre|ti|za|[dor]
concretizador	nome masculino	con|cre|ti|za|[dor]
concretizar	verbo	con|cre|ti|[zar]
concretizável	adjetivo	con|cre|ti|[zá]|vel
concreto	nome masculino	con|[cre]|to
concreto	adjetivo	con|[cre]|to
concriação	nome feminino	con|cri|a|[ção]
concriar	verbo	con|cri|[ar]
concubina	nome feminino	con|cu|[bi]|na
concubinagem	nome feminino	con|cu|bi|[na]|gem
concubinal	adjetivo	con|cu|bi|[nal]
concubinar	verbo	con|cu|bi|[nar]
