confidencioso	adjetivo	con|fi|den|ci|[o]|so
confidente	adjetivo	con|fi|[den]|te
confidente	nome masculino	con|fi|[den]|te
confidente	nome feminino	con|fi|[den]|te
configuração	nome feminino	con|fi|gu|ra|[ção]
configurador	adjetivo	con|fi|gu|ra|[dor]
configurador	nome masculino	con|fi|gu|ra|[dor]
configurar	verbo	con|fi|gu|[rar]
configurável	adjetivo	con|fi|gu|[rá]|vel
confim	nome masculino	con|[fim]
confim	adjetivo	con|[fim]
confinado	adjetivo	con|fi|[na]|do
confinal	adjetivo	con|fi|[nal]
confinamento	nome masculino	con|fi|na|[men]|to
confinante	adjetivo	con|fi|[nan]|te
confinar	verbo	con|fi|[nar]
confinidade	nome feminino	con|fi|ni|[da]|de
confins	nome masculino	con|[fins]
confioso	adjetivo	con|fi|[o]|so
confirmação	nome feminino	con|fir|ma|[ção]
confirmador	adjetivo	con|fir|ma|[dor]
confirmador	nome masculino	con|fir|ma|[dor]
confirmante	adjetivo	con|fir|[man]|te
confirmante	nome masculino	con|fir|[man]|te
confirmante	nome feminino	con|fir|[man]|te
confirmar	verbo	con|fir|[mar]
confirmativamente	advérbio	con|fir|ma|ti|va|[men]|te
confirmativo	adjetivo	con|fir|ma|[ti]|vo
confirmatório	adjetivo	con|fir|ma|[tó]|ri|o
confirmável	adjetivo	con|fir|[má]|vel
confiscação	nome feminino	con|fis|ca|[ção]
confiscador	adjetivo	con|fis|ca|[dor]
confiscador	nome masculino	con|fis|ca|[dor]
confiscar	verbo	con|fis|[car]
confiscável	adjetivo	con|fis|[cá]|vel
confisco	nome masculino	con|[fis]|co
confissão	nome feminino	con|fis|[são]
confita	nome feminino	con|[fi]|ta
confitente	adjetivo	con|fi|[ten]|te
confitente	nome masculino	con|fi|[ten]|te
confitente	nome feminino	con|fi|[ten]|te
conflagração	nome feminino	con|fla|gra|[ção]
conflagrar	verbo	con|fla|[grar]
conflito	nome masculino	con|[fli]|to
conflitual	adjetivo	con|fli|tu|[al]
conflitualidade	nome feminino	con|fli|tu|a|li|[da]|de
conflituante	adjetivo	con|fli|tu|[an]|te
conflituar	verbo	con|fli|tu|[ar]
conflituosamente	advérbio	con|fli|tu|o|sa|[men]|te
conflituosidade	nome feminino	con|fli|tu|o|si|[da]|de
conflituoso	adjetivo	con|fli|tu|[o]|so
conflituoso	nome masculino	con|fli|tu|[o]|so
confluência	nome feminino	con|flu|[ên]|ci|a
confluente	nome masculino	con|flu|[en]|te
confluente	adjetivo	con|flu|[en]|te
confluição	nome feminino	con|flu|i|[ção]
confluir	verbo	con|flu|[ir]
conformação	nome feminino	con|for|ma|[ção]
conformado	adjetivo	con|for|[ma]|do
conformador	nome masculino	con|for|ma|[dor]
conformador	adjetivo	con|for|ma|[dor]
conformar	verbo	con|for|[mar]
conformatividade	nome feminino	con|for|ma|ti|vi|[da]|de
conformativo	adjetivo	con|for|ma|[ti]|vo
conformável	adjetivo	con|for|[má]|vel
conforme	adjetivo	con|[for]|me
conforme	conjunção	con|[for]|me
conforme	preposição	con|[for]|me
conformemente	advérbio	con|for|me|[men]|te
conformidade	nome feminino	con|for|mi|[da]|de
conformismo	nome masculino	con|for|[mis]|mo
conformista	adjetivo	con|for|[mis]|ta
conformista	nome masculino	con|for|[mis]|ta
conformista	nome feminino	con|for|[mis]|ta
confortabilidade	nome feminino	con|for|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
confortação	nome feminino	con|for|ta|[ção]
confortado	adjetivo	con|for|[ta]|do
confortador	adjetivo	con|for|ta|[dor]
confortador	nome masculino	con|for|ta|[dor]
confortamento	nome masculino	con|for|ta|[men]|to
confortante	adjetivo	con|for|[tan]|te
confortante	nome masculino	con|for|[tan]|te
confortar	verbo	con|for|[tar]
confortativo	nome masculino	con|for|ta|[ti]|vo
confortativo	adjetivo	con|for|ta|[ti]|vo
confortável	adjetivo	con|for|[tá]|vel
confortavelmente	advérbio	con|for|ta|vel|[men]|te
conforto	nome masculino	con|[for]|to
confrade	nome masculino	con|[fra]|de
confragoso	adjetivo	con|fra|[go]|so
confrangedor	adjetivo	con|fran|ge|[dor]
confrangedoramente	advérbio	con|fran|ge|do|ra|[men]|te
confrangente	adjetivo	con|fran|[gen]|te
confranger	verbo	con|fran|[ger]
confrangido	adjetivo	con|fran|[gi]|do
confrangimento	nome masculino	con|fran|gi|[men]|to
confraria	nome feminino	con|fra|[ri]|a
confraternal	adjetivo	con|fra|ter|[nal]
confraternar	verbo	con|fra|ter|[nar]
confraternidade	nome feminino	con|fra|ter|ni|[da]|de
