cálamo	nome masculino	[cá]|la|mo
calamocada	nome feminino	ca|la|mo|[ca]|da
calamocar	verbo	ca|la|mo|[car]
calamoide	adjetivo	ca|la|[moi]|de
calamute	nome masculino	ca|la|[mu]|te
calândar	nome masculino	ca|[lân]|dar
calandra	nome feminino	ca|[lan]|dra
calandragem	nome feminino	ca|lan|[dra]|gem
calandrar	verbo	ca|lan|[drar]
calandreiro	nome masculino	ca|lan|[drei]|ro
calandrínia	nome feminino	ca|lan|[drí]|ni|a
calanga	nome feminino	ca|[lan]|ga
calango	nome masculino	ca|[lan]|go
calanja	nome feminino	ca|[lan]|ja
calanje	nome masculino	ca|[lan]|je
calântica	nome feminino	ca|[lân]|ti|ca
calão	adjetivo	ca|[lão]
calão	nome masculino	ca|[lão]
calapada	nome feminino	ca|la|[pa]|da
calar	verbo	ca|[lar]
calaritano	adjetivo	ca|la|ri|[ta]|no
calaritano	nome masculino	ca|la|ri|[ta]|no
calasia	nome feminino	ca|la|[si]|a
calasiodermia	nome feminino	ca|la|si|o|der|[mi]|a
calástico	adjetivo	ca|[lás]|ti|co
calátide	nome feminino	ca|[lá]|ti|de
calatiforme	adjetivo	ca|la|ti|[for]|me
calatino	adjetivo	ca|la|[ti]|no
calatino	nome masculino	ca|la|[ti]|no
calatra	nome feminino	ca|[la]|tra
calatrão	nome masculino	ca|la|[trão]
calatrava	nome feminino	ca|la|[tra]|va
calatravense	nome masculino	ca|la|tra|[ven]|se
calatravense	adjetivo	ca|la|tra|[ven]|se
calatravense	nome feminino	ca|la|tra|[ven]|se
calatravo	nome masculino	ca|la|[tra]|vo
calau	nome masculino	ca|[lau]
calaveira	adjetivo	ca|la|[vei]|ra
calaveira	nome masculino	ca|la|[vei]|ra
calaveira	nome feminino	ca|la|[vei]|ra
calaveirada	nome feminino	ca|la|vei|[ra]|da
calaverita	nome feminino	ca|la|ve|[ri]|ta
calaverite	nome feminino	ca|la|ve|[ri]|te
calavonte	nome feminino	ca|la|[von]|te
calaza	nome feminino	ca|[la]|za
calazar	nome masculino	ca|la|[zar]
calázio	nome masculino	ca|[lá]|zi|o
calazóforo	adjetivo	ca|la|[zó]|fo|ro
calbásio	adjetivo	cal|[bá]|si|o
calbásio	nome masculino	cal|[bá]|si|o
calça	nome feminino	[cal]|ça
calca-mar	nome masculino	cal|ca-mar
calca-mares	nome masculino	cal|ca-ma|res
calça-púcaros	nome masculino	cal|ça-pú|ca|ros
calca-tripa	nome feminino	cal|ca-tri|pa
calçada	nome feminino	cal|[ça]|da
calcada	nome feminino	cal|[ca]|da
calçadão	nome masculino	cal|ça|[dão]
calçadeira	nome feminino	cal|ça|[dei]|ra
calcadeira	nome feminino	cal|ca|[dei]|ra
calcadela	nome feminino	cal|ca|[de]|la
calçado	adjetivo	cal|[ça]|do
calçado	nome masculino	cal|[ça]|do
calcadoiro	nome masculino	cal|ca|[doi]|ro
calcador	adjetivo	cal|ca|[dor]
calçador	nome masculino	cal|ça|[dor]
calcador	nome masculino	cal|ca|[dor]
calcadora	nome feminino	cal|ca|[do]|ra
calcadouro	nome masculino	cal|ca|[dou]|ro
calçadura	nome feminino	cal|ça|[du]|ra
calcadura	nome feminino	cal|ca|[du]|ra
calcagem	nome feminino	cal|[ca]|gem
calcalho	nome masculino	cal|[ca]|lho
calcamento	nome masculino	cal|ca|[men]|to
calçamento	nome masculino	cal|ça|[men]|to
calcaneano	adjetivo	cal|ca|ne|[a]|no
calcâneo	nome masculino	cal|[câ]|ne|o
calcâneo	adjetivo	cal|[câ]|ne|o
calcanha	nome feminino	cal|[ca]|nha
calcanhar	nome masculino	cal|ca|[nhar]
calcanheira	nome feminino	cal|ca|[nhei]|ra
calcanho	nome masculino	cal|[ca]|nho
calcante	nome masculino	cal|[can]|te
calção	nome masculino	cal|[ção]
calcão	nome masculino	cal|[cão]
calçar	verbo	cal|[çar]
calcar	verbo	cal|[car]
calcaré	nome masculino	cal|ca|[ré]
calcarífero	adjetivo	cal|ca|[rí]|fe|ro
calcário	nome masculino	cal|[cá]|ri|o
calcário	adjetivo	cal|[cá]|ri|o
calcarização	nome feminino	cal|ca|ri|za|[ção]
calcarizar	verbo	cal|ca|ri|[zar]
calças	nome feminino	[cal]|ças
calcável	adjetivo	cal|[cá]|vel
calçável	adjetivo	cal|[çá]|vel
calce	nome masculino	[cal]|ce
calcedonense	adjetivo	cal|ce|do|[nen]|se
calcedonense	nome masculino	cal|ce|do|[nen]|se
calcedonense	nome feminino	cal|ce|do|[nen]|se
