contorcido	adjetivo	con|tor|[ci]|do
contorcionamento	nome masculino	con|tor|ci|o|na|[men]|to
contorcionar	verbo	con|tor|ci|o|[nar]
contorcionismo	nome masculino	con|tor|ci|o|[nis]|mo
contorcionista	nome masculino	con|tor|ci|o|[nis]|ta
contorcionista	nome feminino	con|tor|ci|o|[nis]|ta
contorcível	adjetivo	con|tor|[cí]|vel
contornabilidade	nome feminino	con|tor|na|bi|li|[da]|de
contornamento	nome masculino	con|tor|na|[men]|to
contornar	verbo	con|tor|[nar]
contornável	adjetivo	con|tor|[ná]|vel
contornear	verbo	con|tor|ne|[ar]
contorno	nome masculino	con|[tor]|no
contorta	nome feminino	con|[tor]|ta
contra	preposição	[con]|tra
contra	nome masculino	[con]|tra
contra	advérbio	[con]|tra
contra-abertura	nome feminino	con|tra-a|ber|[tu]|ra
contra-acusação	nome feminino	con|tra-a|cu|sa|[ção]
contra-alisado	nome masculino	con|tra-a|li|[sa]|do
contra-alísio	nome masculino	con|tra-a|[lí]|si|o
contra-almeida	nome feminino	con|tra-al|[mei]|da
contra-almirante	nome masculino	con|tra-al|mi|[ran]|te
contra-amura	nome feminino	con|tra-a|[mu]|ra
contra-análise	nome feminino	con|tra-a|[ná]|li|se
contra-arcada	nome feminino	con|tra-ar|[ca]|da
contra-arco	nome masculino	con|tra-ar|co
contra-arco-pendural	nome masculino	con|tra-ar|co-pen|du|[ral]
contra-argumentar	verbo	con|tra-ar|gu|men|[tar]
contra-argumento	nome masculino	con|tra-ar|gu|[men]|to
contra-arminhos	nome masculino	con|tra-ar|[mi]|nhos
contra-arrestar	verbo	con|tra-ar|res|[tar]
contra-arresto	nome masculino	con|tra-ar|[res]|to
contra-asa	nome feminino	con|tra-a|sa
contra-assalto	nome masculino	con|tra-as|[sal]|to
contra-assembleia	nome feminino	con|tra-as|sem|[blei]|a
contra-atacante	adjetivo	con|tra-a|ta|[can]|te
contra-atacante	nome masculino	con|tra-a|ta|[can]|te
contra-atacante	nome feminino	con|tra-a|ta|[can]|te
contra-atacar	verbo	con|tra-a|ta|[car]
contra-ataque	nome masculino	con|tra-a|[ta]|que
contra-aviso	nome masculino	con|tra-a|[vi]|so
contra-habitual	adjetivo	con|tra-ha|bi|tu|[al]
contra-harmónico	adjetivo	con|tra-har|[mó]|ni|co
contra-harmônico	adjetivo	con|tra-har|[mô]|ni|co
contra-haste	nome feminino	con|tra-has|te
contra-homónimo	nome masculino	con|tra-ho|[mó]|ni|mo
contra-homônimo	nome masculino	con|tra-ho|[mô]|ni|mo
contrabaixista	nome masculino	con|tra|bai|[xis]|ta
contrabaixista	nome feminino	con|tra|bai|[xis]|ta
contrabaixo	nome masculino	con|tra|[bai]|xo
contrabaixo	nome feminino	con|tra|[bai]|xo
contrabalançar	verbo	con|tra|ba|lan|[çar]
contrabalanço	nome masculino	con|tra|ba|[lan]|ço
contrabaluarte	nome masculino	con|tra|ba|lu|[ar]|te
contrabanda	nome feminino	con|tra|[ban]|da
contrabandado	adjetivo	con|tra|ban|[da]|do
contrabandar	verbo	con|tra|ban|[dar]
contrabandear	verbo	con|tra|ban|de|[ar]
contrabandismo	nome masculino	con|tra|ban|[dis]|mo
contrabandista	nome masculino	con|tra|ban|[dis]|ta
contrabandista	nome feminino	con|tra|ban|[dis]|ta
contrabandístico	adjetivo	con|tra|ban|[dís]|ti|co
contrabando	nome masculino	con|tra|[ban]|do
contrabarreira	nome feminino	con|tra|bar|[rei]|ra
contrabater	verbo	con|tra|ba|[ter]
contrabateria	nome feminino	con|tra|ba|te|[ri]|a
contrabico	nome masculino	con|tra|[bi]|co
contraboça	nome feminino	con|tra|[bo]|ça
contrabordo	nome masculino	con|tra|[bor]|do
contrabraço	nome masculino	con|tra|[bra]|ço
contracabrestos	nome masculino	con|tra|ca|[bres]|tos
contracadaste	nome masculino	con|tra|ca|[das]|te
contracaixilho	nome masculino	con|tra|cai|[xi]|lho
contracaldeira	nome feminino	con|tra|cal|[dei]|ra
contracalimba	nome feminino	con|tra|ca|[lim]|ba
contracambiar	verbo	con|tra|cam|bi|[ar]
contracâmbio	nome masculino	con|tra|[câm]|bi|o
contracampanha	nome feminino	con|tra|cam|[pa]|nha
contracanto	nome masculino	con|tra|[can]|to
contração	nome feminino	con|tra|[ção]
contracapa	nome feminino	con|tra|[ca]|pa
contracarril	nome masculino	con|tra|car|[ril]
contracava	nome feminino	con|tra|[ca]|va
contraceção	nome feminino	con|tra|ce|[ção]
contracédula	nome feminino	con|tra|[cé]|du|la
contracena	nome feminino	con|tra|[ce]|na
contracenar	verbo	con|tra|ce|[nar]
contracepção	nome feminino	con|tra|cep|[ção]
contraceptivo	adjetivo	con|tra|cep|[ti]|vo
contraceptivo	nome masculino	con|tra|cep|[ti]|vo
contracetivo	adjetivo	con|tra|ce|[ti]|vo
contracetivo	nome masculino	con|tra|ce|[ti]|vo
contrachapa	nome feminino	con|tra|[cha]|pa
contrachaveta	nome feminino	con|tra|cha|[ve]|ta
contrachefe	nome feminino	con|tra|[che]|fe
contrachefe	nome masculino	con|tra|[che]|fe
contrachoque	nome masculino	con|tra|[cho]|que
contracifra	nome feminino	con|tra|[ci]|fra
contracorrente	nome feminino	con|tra|cor|[ren]|te
