contraplacado	nome masculino	con|tra|pla|[ca]|do
contraplacar	verbo	con|tra|pla|[car]
contrapoder	nome masculino	con|tra|po|[der]
contrapontado	adjetivo	con|tra|pon|[ta]|do
contrapontear	verbo	con|tra|pon|te|[ar]
contrapontista	nome masculino	con|tra|pon|[tis]|ta
contrapontista	nome feminino	con|tra|pon|[tis]|ta
contrapontístico	adjetivo	con|tra|pon|[tís]|ti|co
contraponto	nome masculino	con|tra|[pon]|to
contrapor	verbo	con|tra|[por]
contraporca	nome feminino	con|tra|[por]|ca
contraposição	nome feminino	con|tra|po|si|[ção]
contraposta	nome feminino	con|tra|[pos]|ta
contrapreparação	nome feminino	con|tra|pre|pa|ra|[ção]
contrapressão	nome feminino	con|tra|pres|[são]
contraprestação	nome feminino	con|tra|pres|ta|[ção]
contraprincípio	nome masculino	con|tra|prin|[cí]|pi|o
contraproducência	nome feminino	con|tra|pro|du|[cên]|ci|a
contraproducente	adjetivo	con|tra|pro|du|[cen]|te
contraproduzir	verbo	con|tra|pro|du|[zir]
contraprograma	nome masculino	con|tra|pro|[gra]|ma
contraprojeto	nome masculino	con|tra|pro|[je]|to
contrapropaganda	nome feminino	con|tra|pro|pa|[gan]|da
contrapropor	verbo	con|tra|pro|[por]
contraproposta	nome feminino	con|tra|pro|[pos]|ta
contraprotesto	nome masculino	con|tra|pro|[tes]|to
contraprova	nome feminino	con|tra|[pro]|va
contraprovar	verbo	con|tra|pro|[var]
contrapunção	nome feminino	con|tra|pun|[ção]
contrapunçoar	verbo	con|tra|pun|ço|[ar]
contrapunho	nome masculino	con|tra|[pu]|nho
contraquarteado	adjetivo	con|tra|quar|te|[a]|do
contraquartel	nome masculino	con|tra|quar|[tel]
contraquilha	nome feminino	con|tra|[qui]|lha
contrariabilidade	nome feminino	con|tra|ri|a|bi|li|[da]|de
contrariado	adjetivo	con|tra|ri|[a]|do
contrariador	adjetivo	con|tra|ri|a|[dor]
contrariador	nome masculino	con|tra|ri|a|[dor]
contrariamente	advérbio	con|tra|ri|a|[men]|te
contrariante	adjetivo	con|tra|ri|[an]|te
contrariar	verbo	con|tra|ri|[ar]
contrariável	adjetivo	con|tra|ri|[á]|vel
contrariedade	nome feminino	con|tra|ri|e|[da]|de
contrário	adjetivo	con|[trá]|ri|o
contrário	nome masculino	con|[trá]|ri|o
contrarracional	adjetivo	con|trar|ra|ci|o|[nal]
contrarrampa	nome feminino	con|trar|[ram]|pa
contrarrancho	nome masculino	con|trar|[ran]|cho
contrarrapante	adjetivo	con|trar|ra|[pan]|te
contrarrapantes	adjetivo	con|trar|ra|[pan]|tes
contrarreação	nome feminino	con|trar|re|a|[ção]
contrarregra	nome masculino	con|trar|[re]|gra
contrarregra	nome feminino	con|trar|[re]|gra
contrarregulador	nome masculino	con|trar|re|gu|la|[dor]
contrarrelógio	nome masculino	con|trar|re|[ló]|gi|o
contrarreparo	nome masculino	con|trar|re|[pa]|ro
contrarréplica	nome feminino	con|trar|[ré]|pli|ca
contrarrepto	nome masculino	con|trar|[rep]|to
contrarresposta	nome feminino	con|trar|res|[pos]|ta
contrarretábulo	nome masculino	con|trar|re|[tá]|bu|lo
contrarrevolta	nome feminino	con|trar|re|[vol]|ta
contrarrevolução	nome feminino	con|trar|re|vo|lu|[ção]
contrarrevolucionar	verbo	con|trar|re|vo|lu|ci|o|[nar]
contrarrevolucionária	nome feminino	con|trar|re|vo|lu|ci|o|[ná]|ri|a
contrarrevolucionário	adjetivo	con|trar|re|vo|lu|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
contrarrevolucionário	nome masculino	con|trar|re|vo|lu|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
contrarroda	nome feminino	con|trar|[ro]|da
contrarrotura	adjetivo	con|trar|ro|[tu]|ra
contrarrotura	nome feminino	con|trar|ro|[tu]|ra
contrarruptura	nome feminino	con|trar|rup|[tu]|ra
contrarrutura	nome feminino	con|trar|ru|[tu]|ra
contrassafra	nome feminino	con|tras|[sa]|fra
contrasseguro	nome masculino	con|tras|se|[gu]|ro
contrasselar	verbo	con|tras|se|[lar]
contrasselo	nome masculino	con|tras|[se]|lo
contrassenha	nome feminino	con|tras|[se]|nha
contrassenso	nome masculino	con|tras|[sen]|so
contrassignificação	nome feminino	con|tras|sig|ni|fi|ca|[ção]
contrassinal	nome masculino	con|tras|si|[nal]
contrassonância	nome feminino	con|tras|so|[nân]|ci|a
contrassujeito	nome masculino	con|tras|su|[jei]|to
contrastabilidade	nome feminino	con|tras|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
contrastação	nome feminino	con|tras|ta|[ção]
contrastador	adjetivo	con|tras|ta|[dor]
contrastador	nome masculino	con|tras|ta|[dor]
contrastante	adjetivo	con|tras|[tan]|te
contrastar	verbo	con|tras|[tar]
contrastaria	nome feminino	con|tras|ta|[ri]|a
contrastável	adjetivo	con|tras|[tá]|vel
contraste	nome masculino	con|[tras]|te
contrasteação	nome feminino	con|tras|te|a|[ção]
contrasteador	nome masculino	con|tras|te|a|[dor]
contrastear	verbo	con|tras|te|[ar]
contrastivo	adjetivo	con|tras|[ti]|vo
contrata	nome feminino	con|[tra]|ta
contratação	nome feminino	con|tra|ta|[ção]
contrataco	nome masculino	con|tra|[ta]|co
contratada	nome feminino	con|tra|[ta]|da
contratadeira	nome feminino	con|tra|ta|[dei]|ra
contratadeiro	nome masculino	con|tra|ta|[dei]|ro
