coraixita	nome feminino	co|rai|[xi]|ta
corajosamente	advérbio	co|ra|jo|sa|[men]|te
corajoso	adjetivo	co|ra|[jo]|so
coral	nome masculino	co|[ral]
coral	nome feminino	co|[ral]
coral	adjetivo	co|[ral]
coraleira	nome feminino	co|ra|[lei]|ra
coraleiro	nome masculino	co|ra|[lei]|ro
coraleiro	adjetivo	co|ra|[lei]|ro
coraliário	nome masculino	co|ra|li|[á]|ri|o
coraliário	adjetivo	co|ra|li|[á]|ri|o
coralífero	adjetivo	co|ra|[lí]|fe|ro
coraliforme	adjetivo	co|ra|li|[for]|me
coralígeno	adjetivo	co|ra|[lí]|ge|no
coralígero	adjetivo	co|ra|[lí]|ge|ro
coralina	nome feminino	co|ra|[li]|na
coralinácea	nome feminino	co|ra|li|[ná]|ce|a
coralináceo	adjetivo	co|ra|li|[ná]|ce|o
coralino	adjetivo	co|ra|[li]|no
coralista	nome masculino	co|ra|[lis]|ta
coralista	nome feminino	co|ra|[lis]|ta
coraloide	adjetivo	co|ra|[loi]|de
corandel	nome masculino	co|ran|[del]
corandelar	verbo	co|ran|de|[lar]
corânico	adjetivo	co|[râ]|ni|co
coranita	adjetivo	co|ra|[ni]|ta
coranita	nome masculino	co|ra|[ni]|ta
coranita	nome feminino	co|ra|[ni]|ta
corano	adjetivo	co|[ra]|no
corano	nome masculino	co|[ra]|no
corante	adjetivo	co|[ran]|te
corante	nome masculino	co|[ran]|te
corar	verbo	co|[rar]
corásmio	adjetivo	co|[rás]|mi|o
corásmio	nome masculino	co|[rás]|mi|o
coraula	nome masculino	co|[rau]|la
coráulico	adjetivo	co|[ráu]|li|co
coraxo	adjetivo	co|[ra]|xo
coraxo	nome masculino	co|[ra]|xo
corbelha	nome feminino	cor|[be]|lha
corça	nome feminino	[cor]|ça
corca	nome feminino	[cor]|ca
corcar	verbo	cor|[car]
corcel	nome masculino	cor|[cel]
corcha	nome feminino	[cor]|cha
corchete	nome masculino	cor|[che]|te
corcho	nome masculino	[cor]|cho
corcireu	adjetivo	cor|ci|[reu]
corcireu	nome masculino	cor|ci|[reu]
corço	nome masculino	[cor]|ço
corcódea	nome feminino	cor|[có]|de|a
corcolher	nome feminino	cor|co|[lher]
córcoro	nome masculino	[cór]|co|ro
corcoroca	nome feminino	cor|co|[ro]|ca
corcova	nome feminino	cor|[co]|va
corcovado	adjetivo	cor|co|[va]|do
corcovado	nome masculino	cor|co|[va]|do
corcovadura	nome feminino	cor|co|va|[du]|ra
corcovar	verbo	cor|co|[var]
corcovear	verbo	cor|co|ve|[ar]
corcovo	nome masculino	cor|[co]|vo
córculo	nome masculino	[cór]|cu|lo
corcunda	nome feminino	cor|[cun]|da
corcunda	adjetivo	cor|[cun]|da
corcunda	nome masculino	cor|[cun]|da
corcundice	nome feminino	cor|cun|[di]|ce
corda	nome feminino	[cor]|da
cordace	nome masculino	cor|[da]|ce
cordacismo	nome masculino	cor|da|[cis]|mo
cordada	nome feminino	cor|[da]|da
cordado	nome masculino	cor|[da]|do
cordado	adjetivo	cor|[da]|do
cordagem	nome feminino	cor|[da]|gem
cordaíte	nome feminino	cor|da|[í]|te
cordaitínea	nome feminino	cor|dai|[tí]|ne|a
cordal	adjetivo	cor|[dal]
cordame	nome masculino	cor|[da]|me
cordão	nome masculino	cor|[dão]
cordão-de-frade	nome masculino	cor|dão-de-fra|de
cordão-de-são-francisco	nome masculino	cor|dão-de-são-fran|cis|co
cordapso	nome masculino	cor|[dap]|so
cordatamente	advérbio	cor|da|ta|[men]|te
cordato	adjetivo	cor|[da]|to
cordeação	nome feminino	cor|de|a|[ção]
cordeador	nome masculino	cor|de|a|[dor]
cordear	verbo	cor|de|[ar]
cordeca	nome feminino	cor|[de]|ca
cordeira	nome feminino	cor|[dei]|ra
cordeirinho	nome masculino	cor|dei|[ri]|nho
cordeiro	nome masculino	cor|[dei]|ro
cordel	nome masculino	cor|[del]
cordelinho	nome masculino	cor|de|[li]|nho
cordelinhos	nome masculino	cor|de|[li]|nhos
córdia	nome feminino	[cór]|di|a
cordíaca	nome feminino	cor|[dí]|a|ca
cordiácea	nome feminino	cor|di|[á]|ce|a
cordial	nome masculino	cor|di|[al]
cordial	adjetivo	cor|di|[al]
cordialidade	nome feminino	cor|di|a|li|[da]|de
cordializar	verbo	cor|di|a|li|[zar]
