cordialmente	advérbio	cor|di|al|[men]|te
cordierita	nome feminino	cor|di|e|[ri]|ta
cordierite	nome feminino	cor|di|e|[ri]|te
cordifólia	nome feminino	cor|di|[fó]|li|a
cordifoliado	adjetivo	cor|di|fo|li|[a]|do
cordifólio	adjetivo	cor|di|[fó]|li|o
cordiforme	adjetivo	cor|di|[for]|me
cordilha	nome feminino	cor|[di]|lha
cordilheira	nome feminino	cor|di|[lhei]|ra
cordite	nome feminino	cor|[di]|te
cordo	adjetivo	[cor]|do
cordoada	nome feminino	cor|do|[a]|da
cordoagem	nome feminino	cor|do|[a]|gem
cordoalha	nome feminino	cor|do|[a]|lha
cordoame	nome masculino	cor|do|[a]|me
cordoar	verbo	cor|do|[ar]
cordoaria	nome feminino	cor|do|a|[ri]|a
córdoba	nome masculino	[cór]|do|ba
cordoeira	nome feminino	cor|do|[ei]|ra
cordoeiro	nome masculino	cor|do|[ei]|ro
cordofone	nome masculino	cor|do|[fo]|ne
cordômetro	nome masculino	cor|[dô]|me|tro
cordómetro	nome masculino	cor|[dó]|me|tro
cordon-bleu	adjetivo	cor|don-bleu
cordon-bleu	nome masculino	cor|don-bleu
cordon-bleu	nome feminino	cor|don-bleu
cordovaneiro	nome masculino	cor|do|va|[nei]|ro
cordovão	nome masculino	cor|do|[vão]
cordoveado	adjetivo	cor|do|ve|[a]|do
cordoveia	nome feminino	cor|do|[vei]|a
cordoveias	nome feminino	cor|do|[vei]|as
cordovês	nome masculino	cor|do|[vês]
cordovês	adjetivo	cor|do|[vês]
cordovesa	adjetivo	cor|do|[ve]|sa
cordovesa	nome feminino	cor|do|[ve]|sa
cordovil	adjetivo	cor|do|[vil]
cordubense	nome masculino	cor|du|[ben]|se
cordubense	nome feminino	cor|du|[ben]|se
cordubense	adjetivo	cor|du|[ben]|se
cordueno	adjetivo	cor|du|[e]|no
cordueno	nome masculino	cor|du|[e]|no
cordura	nome feminino	cor|[du]|ra
coré	nome masculino	co|[ré]
core-business	nome masculino	co|re-bu|[si]|ness
coreana	nome feminino	co|re|[a]|na
coreano	nome masculino	co|re|[a]|no
coreano	adjetivo	co|re|[a]|no
coreclise	nome feminino	co|re|[cli]|se
corectasia	nome feminino	co|rec|ta|[si]|a
corectásico	adjetivo	co|rec|[tá]|si|co
corectático	adjetivo	co|rec|[tá]|ti|co
corectomia	nome feminino	co|rec|to|[mi]|a
corectômico	adjetivo	co|rec|[tô]|mi|co
corectómico	adjetivo	co|rec|[tó]|mi|co
corectopia	nome feminino	co|rec|to|[pi]|a
coregia	nome feminino	co|re|[gi]|a
corego	nome masculino	co|[re]|go
coregrafia	nome feminino	co|re|gra|[fi]|a
coregráfico	adjetivo	co|re|[grá]|fi|co
corégrafo	nome masculino	co|[ré]|gra|fo
coreia	nome feminino	co|[rei]|a
coreico	adjetivo	co|[rei]|co
coreiforme	adjetivo	co|rei|[for]|me
coreiro	nome masculino	co|[rei]|ro
coreixa	nome feminino	co|[rei]|xa
corélise	nome feminino	co|[ré]|li|se
corema	nome masculino	co|[re]|ma
coremétrico	adjetivo	co|re|[mé]|tri|co
corémetro	nome masculino	co|[ré]|me|tro
corêmetro	nome masculino	co|[rê]|me|tro
coreógrafa	nome feminino	co|re|[ó]|gra|fa
coreografar	verbo	co|re|o|gra|[far]
coreografia	nome feminino	co|re|o|gra|[fi]|a
coreográfico	adjetivo	co|re|o|[grá]|fi|co
coreógrafo	nome masculino	co|re|[ó]|gra|fo
coreomania	nome feminino	co|re|o|ma|[ni]|a
corescópico	adjetivo	co|res|[có]|pi|co
corescópio	nome masculino	co|res|[có]|pi|o
coreto	nome masculino	co|[re]|to
coreu	adjetivo	co|[reu]
coreu	nome masculino	co|[reu]
coreuta	nome masculino	co|[reu]|ta
corfebol	nome masculino	cor|fe|[bol]
corfiota	adjetivo	cor|fi|[o]|ta
corfiota	nome masculino	cor|fi|[o]|ta
corfiota	nome feminino	cor|fi|[o]|ta
corga	nome feminino	[cor]|ga
corgo	nome masculino	[cor]|go
corgulhada	nome feminino	cor|gu|[lha]|da
cori	nome masculino	co|[ri]
coriáceo	adjetivo	co|ri|[á]|ce|o
coriâmbico	adjetivo	co|ri|[âm]|bi|co
coriambo	nome masculino	co|ri|[am]|bo
coriandro	nome masculino	co|ri|[an]|dro
coriária	nome feminino	co|ri|[á]|ri|a
coriariácea	nome feminino	co|ri|a|ri|[á]|ce|a
coriariáceo	adjetivo	co|ri|a|ri|[á]|ce|o
coribante	nome masculino	co|ri|[ban]|te
coribantes	nome masculino	co|ri|[ban]|tes
coribântico	adjetivo	co|ri|[bân]|ti|co
