calcotipia	nome feminino	cal|co|ti|[pi]|a
calcotípico	adjetivo	cal|co|[tí]|pi|co
calcoxisto	nome masculino	cal|co|[xis]|to
calçudo	adjetivo	cal|[çu]|do
calculabilidade	nome feminino	cal|cu|la|bi|li|[da]|de
calculação	nome feminino	cal|cu|la|[ção]
calculado	adjetivo	cal|cu|[la]|do
calculador	nome masculino	cal|cu|la|[dor]
calculador	adjetivo	cal|cu|la|[dor]
calculadora	nome feminino	cal|cu|la|[do]|ra
calculante	adjetivo	cal|cu|[lan]|te
calcular	adjetivo	cal|cu|[lar]
calcular	verbo	cal|cu|[lar]
calculável	adjetivo	cal|cu|[lá]|vel
calculismo	nome masculino	cal|cu|[lis]|mo
calculista	adjetivo	cal|cu|[lis]|ta
calculista	nome masculino	cal|cu|[lis]|ta
calculista	nome feminino	cal|cu|[lis]|ta
cálculo	nome masculino	[cál]|cu|lo
calculose	nome feminino	cal|cu|[lo]|se
calculoso	adjetivo	cal|cu|[lo]|so
calcutaense	nome masculino	cal|cu|ta|[en]|se
calcutaense	adjetivo	cal|cu|ta|[en]|se
calcutaense	nome feminino	cal|cu|ta|[en]|se
calda	nome feminino	[cal]|da
caldaça	nome masculino	cal|[da]|ça
caldaça	nome feminino	cal|[da]|ça
caldagem	nome feminino	cal|[da]|gem
caldaica	nome feminino	cal|[dai]|ca
caldaico	adjetivo	cal|[dai]|co
caldaico	nome masculino	cal|[dai]|co
caldaísmo	nome masculino	cal|da|[ís]|mo
caldar	verbo	cal|[dar]
caldário	nome masculino	cal|[dá]|ri|o
caldas	nome feminino	[cal]|das
caldeação	nome feminino	cal|de|a|[ção]
caldeador	adjetivo	cal|de|a|[dor]
caldeamento	nome masculino	cal|de|a|[men]|to
caldear	verbo	cal|de|[ar]
caldeável	adjetivo	cal|de|[á]|vel
caldeia	nome feminino	cal|[dei]|a
caldeio	nome masculino	cal|[dei]|o
caldeira	nome feminino	cal|[dei]|ra
caldeirada	nome feminino	cal|dei|[ra]|da
caldeirão	nome masculino	cal|dei|[rão]
caldeirar	verbo	cal|dei|[rar]
caldeiraria	nome feminino	cal|dei|ra|[ri]|a
caldeireira	nome feminino	cal|dei|[rei]|ra
caldeireiro	nome masculino	cal|dei|[rei]|ro
caldeirinha	nome feminino	cal|dei|[ri]|nha
caldeiro	adjetivo	cal|[dei]|ro
caldeiro	nome masculino	cal|[dei]|ro
caldense	nome masculino	cal|[den]|se
caldense	adjetivo	cal|[den]|se
caldense	nome feminino	cal|[den]|se
caldeta	nome feminino	cal|[de]|ta
caldeu	adjetivo	cal|[deu]
caldeu	nome masculino	cal|[deu]
caldinho	nome masculino	cal|[di]|nho
caldivana	nome feminino	cal|di|[va]|na
caldo	nome masculino	[cal]|do
caldo	adjetivo	[cal]|do
caldo-verde	nome masculino	cal|do-ver|de
caldoça	nome feminino	cal|[do]|ça
caldoneira	nome feminino	cal|do|[nei]|ra
caldoneiro	nome masculino	cal|do|[nei]|ro
caldorro	nome masculino	cal|[dor]|ro
caldoso	adjetivo	cal|[do]|so
calducha	nome feminino	cal|[du]|cha
cale	nome feminino	[ca]|le
caleadela	nome feminino	ca|le|a|[de]|la
caleamento	nome masculino	ca|le|a|[men]|to
calear	verbo	ca|le|[ar]
caleça	nome feminino	ca|[le]|ça
caleceiro	nome masculino	ca|le|[cei]|ro
caleche	nome feminino	ca|[le]|che
calèche	nome feminino	[ca]|lè|che
caledónia	nome feminino	ca|le|[dó]|ni|a
caledónico	adjetivo	ca|le|[dó]|ni|co
caledônico	adjetivo	ca|le|[dô]|ni|co
caledónidas	nome feminino	ca|le|[dó]|ni|das
caledônio	adjetivo	ca|le|[dô]|ni|o
caledônio	nome masculino	ca|le|[dô]|ni|o
caledónio	adjetivo	ca|le|[dó]|ni|o
caledónio	nome masculino	ca|le|[dó]|ni|o
calefação	nome feminino	ca|le|fa|[ção]
calefaciente	adjetivo	ca|le|fa|ci|[en]|te
calefactor	adjetivo	ca|le|fac|[tor]
calefactor	nome masculino	ca|le|fac|[tor]
calefator	adjetivo	ca|le|fa|[tor]
calefator	nome masculino	ca|le|fa|[tor]
calefatório	nome masculino	ca|le|fa|[tó]|ri|o
calefrio	nome masculino	ca|le|[fri]|o
calege	nome feminino	ca|[le]|ge
calei	nome masculino	ca|[lei]
caleidoscópico	adjetivo	ca|lei|dos|[có]|pi|co
caleidoscópio	nome masculino	ca|lei|dos|[có]|pi|o
caleira	nome feminino	ca|[lei]|ra
caleiro	nome masculino	ca|[lei]|ro
caleja	nome feminino	ca|[le]|ja
