corruptor	nome masculino	cor|rup|[tor]
corruptora	nome feminino	cor|rup|[to]|ra
corruta	nome feminino	cor|[ru]|ta
corrutela	nome feminino	cor|ru|[te]|la
corrutibilidade	nome feminino	cor|ru|ti|bi|li|[da]|de
corrutível	adjetivo	cor|ru|[tí]|vel
corrutivo	adjetivo	cor|ru|[ti]|vo
corruto	adjetivo	cor|[ru]|to
corruto	nome masculino	cor|[ru]|to
corrutor	adjetivo	cor|ru|[tor]
corrutor	nome masculino	cor|ru|[tor]
corrutora	nome feminino	cor|ru|[to]|ra
corsa	nome feminino	[cor]|sa
corsário	nome masculino	cor|[sá]|ri|o
corsário	adjetivo	cor|[sá]|ri|o
corsear	verbo	cor|se|[ar]
corselete	nome masculino	cor|se|[le]|te
córsica	nome feminino	[cór]|si|ca
córsico	adjetivo	[cór]|si|co
córsico	nome masculino	[cór]|si|co
corso	nome masculino	[cor]|so
corso	adjetivo	[cor]|so
corta	nome feminino	[cor]|ta
corta-arame	nome masculino	cor|ta-a|[ra]|me
corta-bolsos	nome masculino	cor|ta-bol|sos
corta-charutos	nome masculino	cor|ta-cha|[ru]|tos
corta-chefe	nome masculino	cor|ta-che|fe
corta-circuito	nome masculino	cor|ta-cir|[cui]|to
corta-fitas	nome masculino	cor|ta-fi|tas
corta-fogo	nome masculino	cor|ta-fo|go
corta-fogo	adjetivo	cor|ta-fo|go
corta-frio	nome masculino	cor|ta-fri|o
corta-jaca	nome masculino	cor|ta-ja|ca
corta-mão	nome masculino	cor|ta-mão
corta-mar	nome masculino	cor|ta-mar
corta-mato	nome masculino	cor|ta-ma|to
corta-milhos	nome masculino	cor|ta-mi|lhos
corta-palha	nome masculino	cor|ta-pa|lha
corta-papéis	nome masculino	cor|ta-pa|[péis]
corta-papel	nome masculino	cor|ta-pa|[pel]
corta-pau	nome masculino	cor|ta-pau
corta-raízes	nome masculino	cor|ta-ra|[í]|zes
corta-tubos	nome masculino	cor|ta-tu|bos
corta-unhas	nome masculino	cor|ta-u|nhas
corta-vento	nome masculino	cor|ta-ven|to
cortabom	nome masculino	cor|[ta]|bom
cortada	nome feminino	cor|[ta]|da
cortadeira	nome feminino	cor|ta|[dei]|ra
cortadela	nome feminino	cor|ta|[de]|la
cortado	nome masculino	cor|[ta]|do
cortado	adjetivo	cor|[ta]|do
cortador	nome masculino	cor|ta|[dor]
cortador	adjetivo	cor|ta|[dor]
cortadora	nome feminino	cor|ta|[do]|ra
cortadura	nome feminino	cor|ta|[du]|ra
cortagem	nome feminino	cor|[ta]|gem
cortamento	nome masculino	cor|ta|[men]|to
cortante	adjetivo	cor|[tan]|te
cortantemente	advérbio	cor|tan|te|[men]|te
cortar	verbo	cor|[tar]
cortável	adjetivo	cor|[tá]|vel
corte	nome feminino	[cor]|te
corte	nome masculino	[cor]|te
corteché	nome masculino	cor|te|[ché]
corteira	nome feminino	cor|[tei]|ra
cortejador	adjetivo	cor|te|ja|[dor]
cortejador	nome masculino	cor|te|ja|[dor]
cortejar	verbo	cor|te|[jar]
cortejável	adjetivo	cor|te|[já]|vel
cortejo	nome masculino	cor|[te]|jo
corteleiro	nome masculino	cor|te|[lei]|ro
cortelha	nome feminino	cor|[te]|lha
cortelho	nome masculino	cor|[te]|lho
cortês	adjetivo	cor|[tês]
cortesã	nome feminino	cor|te|[sã]
cortesanesco	adjetivo	cor|te|sa|[nes]|co
cortesania	nome feminino	cor|te|sa|[ni]|a
cortesanice	nome feminino	cor|te|sa|[ni]|ce
cortesanismo	nome masculino	cor|te|sa|[nis]|mo
cortesão	adjetivo	cor|te|[são]
cortesão	nome masculino	cor|te|[são]
cortesia	nome feminino	cor|te|[si]|a
cortesmente	advérbio	cor|tes|[men]|te
córtex	nome masculino	[cór]|tex
cortiça	nome feminino	cor|[ti]|ça
cortiçada	nome feminino	cor|ti|[ça]|da
cortiçado	adjetivo	cor|ti|[ça]|do
cortical	adjetivo	cor|ti|[cal]
cortical	nome masculino	cor|ti|[cal]
córtice	nome masculino	[cór]|ti|ce
corticeira	nome feminino	cor|ti|[cei]|ra
corticeiro	nome masculino	cor|ti|[cei]|ro
corticeiro	adjetivo	cor|ti|[cei]|ro
corticento	adjetivo	cor|ti|[cen]|to
cortíceo	adjetivo	cor|[tí]|ce|o
cortícico	adjetivo	cor|[tí]|ci|co
corticícola	adjetivo	cor|ti|[cí]|co|la
corticífero	adjetivo	cor|ti|[cí]|fe|ro
corticiforme	adjetivo	cor|ti|ci|[for]|me
corticina	nome feminino	cor|ti|[ci]|na
