credenciário	nome masculino	cre|den|ci|[á]|ri|o
crediário	nome masculino	cre|di|[á]|ri|o
crediário	adjetivo	cre|di|[á]|ri|o
credibilidade	nome feminino	cre|di|bi|li|[da]|de
credibilíssimo	adjetivo	cre|di|bi|[lís]|si|mo
credibilização	nome feminino	cre|di|bi|li|za|[ção]
credibilizar	verbo	cre|di|bi|li|[zar]
credifone	nome masculino	cre|di|[fo]|ne
creditação	nome feminino	cre|di|ta|[ção]
creditar	verbo	cre|di|[tar]
creditável	adjetivo	cre|di|[tá]|vel
creditício	adjetivo	cre|di|[tí]|ci|o
crédito	nome masculino	[cré]|di|to
creditório	adjetivo	cre|di|[tó]|ri|o
credível	adjetivo	cre|[dí]|vel
credivelmente	advérbio	cre|di|vel|[men]|te
credo	nome masculino	[cre]|do
credo	interjeição	[cre]|do
credor	nome masculino	cre|[dor]
credor	adjetivo	cre|[dor]
credora	nome feminino	cre|[do]|ra
crédula	nome feminino	[cré]|du|la
credulamente	advérbio	cre|du|la|[men]|te
credulidade	nome feminino	cre|du|li|[da]|de
crédulo	nome masculino	[cré]|du|lo
crédulo	adjetivo	[cré]|du|lo
creiom	nome masculino	[crei]|om
créligo	nome masculino	[cré]|li|go
cremação	nome feminino	cre|ma|[ção]
cremadeiro	nome masculino	cre|ma|[dei]|ro
cremado	adjetivo	cre|[ma]|do
cremadoiro	nome masculino	cre|ma|[doi]|ro
cremador	adjetivo	cre|ma|[dor]
cremador	nome masculino	cre|ma|[dor]
cremadouro	nome masculino	cre|ma|[dou]|ro
cremalheira	nome feminino	cre|ma|[lhei]|ra
cremar	verbo	cre|[mar]
cremáster	nome masculino	cre|[más]|ter
crematista	adjetivo	cre|ma|[tis]|ta
crematista	nome masculino	cre|ma|[tis]|ta
crematista	nome feminino	cre|ma|[tis]|ta
crematística	nome feminino	cre|ma|[tís]|ti|ca
crematístico	adjetivo	cre|ma|[tís]|ti|co
crematologia	nome feminino	cre|ma|to|lo|[gi]|a
crematológico	adjetivo	cre|ma|to|[ló]|gi|co
crematonomia	nome feminino	cre|ma|to|no|[mi]|a
crematonômico	adjetivo	cre|ma|to|[nô]|mi|co
crematonómico	adjetivo	cre|ma|to|[nó]|mi|co
crematório	adjetivo	cre|ma|[tó]|ri|o
crematório	nome masculino	cre|ma|[tó]|ri|o
crêmbalo	nome masculino	[crêm]|ba|lo
creme	nome masculino	[cre]|me
creme	adjetivo	[cre]|me
cremeira	nome feminino	cre|[mei]|ra
cremento	nome masculino	cre|[men]|to
cremnóbata	nome masculino	crem|[nó]|ba|ta
cremnóbata	nome feminino	crem|[nó]|ba|ta
cremnofobia	nome feminino	crem|no|fo|[bi]|a
cremnófobo	adjetivo	crem|[nó]|fo|bo
cremnometria	nome feminino	crem|no|me|[tri]|a
cremnométrico	adjetivo	crem|no|[mé]|tri|co
cremnómetro	nome masculino	crem|[nó]|me|tro
cremnômetro	nome masculino	crem|[nô]|me|tro
cremocárpio	nome masculino	cre|mo|[cár]|pi|o
cremométrico	adjetivo	cre|mo|[mé]|tri|co
cremómetro	nome masculino	cre|[mó]|me|tro
cremômetro	nome masculino	cre|[mô]|me|tro
cremona	nome feminino	cre|[mo]|na
cremonense	nome masculino	cre|mo|[nen]|se
cremonense	nome feminino	cre|mo|[nen]|se
cremonense	adjetivo	cre|mo|[nen]|se
cremor	nome masculino	cre|[mor]
cremorização	nome feminino	cre|mo|ri|za|[ção]
cremorizar	verbo	cre|mo|ri|[zar]
cremoso	adjetivo	cre|[mo]|so
crena	nome feminino	[cre]|na
crenado	adjetivo	cre|[na]|do
crenar	verbo	cre|[nar]
crenato	nome masculino	cre|[na]|to
crenátula	nome feminino	cre|[ná]|tu|la
crenatura	nome feminino	cre|na|[tu]|ra
crença	nome feminino	[cren]|ça
crenchas	nome feminino	[cren]|chas
crendeira	nome feminino	cren|[dei]|ra
crendeirice	nome feminino	cren|dei|[ri]|ce
crendeiro	adjetivo	cren|[dei]|ro
crendeiro	nome masculino	cren|[dei]|ro
crendice	nome feminino	cren|[di]|ce
crénico	adjetivo	[cré]|ni|co
crênico	adjetivo	[crê]|ni|co
crenífero	adjetivo	cre|[ní]|fe|ro
crenirrostro	adjetivo	cre|nir|[ros]|tro
crenoterapia	nome feminino	cre|no|te|ra|[pi]|a
crenoterápico	adjetivo	cre|no|te|[rá]|pi|co
crente	nome masculino	[cren]|te
crente	adjetivo	[cren]|te
crente	nome feminino	[cren]|te
crênula	nome feminino	[crê]|nu|la
crénula	nome feminino	[cré]|nu|la
crenulado	adjetivo	cre|nu|[la]|do
