creóbio	nome masculino	cre|[ó]|bi|o
creofagia	nome feminino	cre|o|fa|[gi]|a
creófago	adjetivo	cre|[ó]|fa|go
creófago	nome masculino	cre|[ó]|fa|go
creófilo	adjetivo	cre|[ó]|fi|lo
creófilo	nome masculino	cre|[ó]|fi|lo
creogenia	nome feminino	cre|o|ge|[ni]|a
creogénico	adjetivo	cre|o|[gé]|ni|co
creogênico	adjetivo	cre|o|[gê]|ni|co
creografia	nome feminino	cre|o|gra|[fi]|a
creográfico	adjetivo	cre|o|[grá]|fi|co
creolina	nome feminino	cre|o|[li]|na
creosotagem	nome feminino	cre|o|so|[ta]|gem
creosotar	verbo	cre|o|so|[tar]
creosote	nome masculino	cre|o|[so]|te
creosoto	nome masculino	cre|o|[so]|to
crepe	nome masculino	[cre]|pe
crépida	nome feminino	[cré]|pi|da
crépido	adjetivo	[cré]|pi|do
crepidópode	nome masculino	cre|pi|[dó]|po|de
crepins	nome masculino	cre|[pins]
crepitação	nome feminino	cre|pi|ta|[ção]
crepitáculo	nome masculino	cre|pi|[tá]|cu|lo
crepitante	adjetivo	cre|pi|[tan]|te
crepitar	verbo	cre|pi|[tar]
crepitoso	adjetivo	cre|pi|[to]|so
crepom	nome masculino	[cre]|pom
crepom	adjetivo	[cre]|pom
crépon	nome masculino	[cré]|pon
crepuscular	adjetivo	cre|pus|cu|[lar]
crepusculário	nome masculino	cre|pus|cu|[lá]|ri|o
crepusculino	adjetivo	cre|pus|cu|[li]|no
crepusculizar	verbo	cre|pus|cu|li|[zar]
crepúsculo	nome masculino	cre|[pús]|cu|lo
crer	verbo	[crer]
cresamina	nome feminino	cre|sa|[mi]|na
crescença	nome feminino	cres|[cen]|ça
crescendo	nome masculino	cres|[cen]|do
crescentada	nome feminino	cres|cen|[ta]|da
crescente	nome masculino	cres|[cen]|te
crescente	nome feminino	cres|[cen]|te
crescente	adjetivo	cres|[cen]|te
crescentemente	advérbio	cres|cen|te|[men]|te
crescer	verbo	cres|[cer]
crescido	adjetivo	cres|[ci]|do
crescido	nome masculino	cres|[ci]|do
crescidos	nome masculino	cres|[ci]|dos
crescidote	adjetivo	cres|ci|[do]|te
crescimento	nome masculino	cres|ci|[men]|to
créscimo	nome masculino	[crés]|ci|mo
creso	nome masculino	[cre]|so
cresol	nome masculino	cre|[sol]
crespão	nome masculino	cres|[pão]
crespar	verbo	cres|[par]
crespidão	nome feminino	cres|pi|[dão]
crespido	nome masculino	cres|[pi]|do
crespina	nome feminino	cres|[pi]|na
crespir	verbo	cres|[pir]
crespo	adjetivo	[cres]|po
crespo	nome masculino	[cres]|po
cresta	nome feminino	[cres]|ta
crestadeira	nome feminino	cres|ta|[dei]|ra
crestado	adjetivo	cres|[ta]|do
crestadura	nome feminino	cres|ta|[du]|ra
crestamento	nome masculino	cres|ta|[men]|to
crestante	adjetivo	cres|[tan]|te
crestão	nome masculino	cres|[tão]
crestar	verbo	cres|[tar]
crestelo	nome masculino	cres|[te]|lo
cresto	nome masculino	[cres]|to
crestomatia	nome feminino	cres|to|ma|[ti]|a
creta	nome feminino	[cre]|ta
cretáceo	adjetivo	cre|[tá]|ce|o
cretáceo	nome masculino	cre|[tá]|ce|o
cretácico	adjetivo	cre|[tá]|ci|co
cretaico	adjetivo	cre|[tai]|co
cretaico	nome masculino	cre|[tai]|co
cretcheu	nome masculino	cret|[cheu]
cretcheu	nome feminino	cret|[cheu]
cretense	adjetivo	cre|[ten]|se
cretense	nome masculino	cre|[ten]|se
cretense	nome feminino	cre|[ten]|se
crético	adjetivo	[cré]|ti|co
crético	nome masculino	[cré]|ti|co
cretina	nome feminino	cre|[ti]|na
cretinação	nome feminino	cre|ti|na|[ção]
cretinice	nome feminino	cre|ti|[ni]|ce
cretinismo	nome masculino	cre|ti|[nis]|mo
cretinização	nome feminino	cre|ti|ni|za|[ção]
cretinizar	verbo	cre|ti|ni|[zar]
cretino	nome masculino	cre|[ti]|no
cretino	adjetivo	cre|[ti]|no
cretinoide	adjetivo	cre|ti|[noi]|de
cretinoso	adjetivo	cre|ti|[no]|so
cretone	nome masculino	cre|[to]|ne
crevasse	nome feminino	cre|[vas]|se
creve	nome masculino	[cre]|ve
cria	nome feminino	[cri]|a
criação	nome feminino	cri|a|[ção]
criacionismo	nome masculino	cri|a|ci|o|[nis]|mo
