crimose	nome feminino	cri|[mo]|se
crimoterapia	nome feminino	cri|mo|te|ra|[pi]|a
crimoterápico	adjetivo	cri|mo|te|[rá]|pi|co
crina	nome feminino	[cri]|na
crinal	adjetivo	cri|[nal]
crinal	nome masculino	cri|[nal]
crinalvo	adjetivo	cri|[nal]|vo
crináureo	adjetivo	cri|[náu]|re|o
crineira	nome feminino	cri|[nei]|ra
crinicórneo	adjetivo	cri|ni|[cór]|ne|o
crinífero	adjetivo	cri|[ní]|fe|ro
criniforme	adjetivo	cri|ni|[for]|me
crinígero	adjetivo	cri|[ní]|ge|ro
crinipreto	adjetivo	cri|ni|[pre]|to
crinisparso	adjetivo	cri|nis|[par]|so
crinito	adjetivo	cri|[ni]|to
crino	nome masculino	[cri]|no
crinoide	adjetivo	cri|[noi]|de
crinoide	nome masculino	cri|[noi]|de
crinolina	nome feminino	cri|no|[li]|na
criobiologia	nome feminino	cri|o|bi|o|lo|[gi]|a
criobiológico	adjetivo	cri|o|bi|o|[ló]|gi|co
criobiólogo	nome masculino	cri|o|bi|[ó]|lo|go
criocéfalo	adjetivo	cri|o|[cé]|fa|lo
criócero	nome masculino	cri|[ó]|ce|ro
crioceroide	adjetivo	cri|o|ce|[roi]|de
crioceroide	nome masculino	cri|o|ce|[roi]|de
criocirurgia	nome feminino	cri|o|ci|rur|[gi]|a
criodecapagem	nome feminino	cri|o|de|ca|[pa]|gem
crióforo	nome masculino	cri|[ó]|fo|ro
criogenia	nome feminino	cri|o|ge|[ni]|a
criogénico	adjetivo	cri|o|[gé]|ni|co
criogênico	adjetivo	cri|o|[gê]|ni|co
criogenina	nome feminino	cri|o|ge|[ni]|na
criogenização	nome feminino	cri|o|ge|ni|za|[ção]
crioídrico	adjetivo	cri|o|[í]|dri|co
crioilo	nome masculino	cri|[oi]|lo
criol	nome masculino	cri|[ol]
criol	adjetivo	cri|[ol]
criolita	nome feminino	cri|o|[li]|ta
criolite	nome feminino	cri|o|[li]|te
criólito	nome masculino	cri|[ó]|li|to
criologia	nome feminino	cri|o|lo|[gi]|a
criometria	nome feminino	cri|o|me|[tri]|a
criométrico	adjetivo	cri|o|[mé]|tri|co
criómetro	nome masculino	cri|[ó]|me|tro
criômetro	nome masculino	cri|[ô]|me|tro
crioscopia	nome feminino	cri|os|co|[pi]|a
crioscópico	adjetivo	cri|os|[có]|pi|co
crioscópio	nome masculino	cri|os|[có]|pi|o
criosfera	nome feminino	cri|os|[fe]|ra
crióstato	nome masculino	cri|[ós]|ta|to
criostato	nome masculino	cri|os|[ta]|to
criotecnia	nome feminino	cri|o|tec|[ni]|a
crioterapia	nome feminino	cri|o|te|ra|[pi]|a
crioterápico	adjetivo	cri|o|te|[rá]|pi|co
críotron	nome masculino	[crí]|o|tron
crioula	nome feminino	cri|[ou]|la
crioulada	nome feminino	cri|ou|[la]|da
crioulismo	nome masculino	cri|ou|[lis]|mo
crioulista	nome masculino	cri|ou|[lis]|ta
crioulista	nome feminino	cri|ou|[lis]|ta
crioulística	nome feminino	cri|ou|[lís]|ti|ca
crioulístico	adjetivo	cri|ou|[lís]|ti|co
crioulização	nome feminino	cri|ou|li|za|[ção]
crioulo	nome masculino	cri|[ou]|lo
crioulo	adjetivo	cri|[ou]|lo
cripsorquia	nome feminino	crip|sor|[qui]|a
cripsorquismo	nome masculino	crip|sor|[quis]|mo
cripta	nome feminino	[crip]|ta
criptanalisador	adjetivo	crip|ta|na|li|sa|[dor]
criptanalisar	verbo	crip|ta|na|li|[sar]
criptanalisável	adjetivo	crip|ta|na|li|[sá]|vel
criptanálise	nome feminino	crip|ta|[ná]|li|se
criptanalista	adjetivo	crip|ta|na|[lis]|ta
criptanalista	nome masculino	crip|ta|na|[lis]|ta
criptanalista	nome feminino	crip|ta|na|[lis]|ta
criptanalítico	adjetivo	crip|ta|na|[lí]|ti|co
criptandro	adjetivo	crip|[tan]|dro
críptico	adjetivo	[críp]|ti|co
cripto	nome masculino	[crip]|to
criptoanalisador	adjetivo	crip|to|a|na|li|sa|[dor]
criptoanalisar	verbo	crip|to|a|na|li|[sar]
criptoanalisável	adjetivo	crip|to|a|na|li|[sá]|vel
criptoanálise	nome feminino	crip|to|a|[ná]|li|se
criptoanalista	adjetivo	crip|to|a|na|[lis]|ta
criptoanalista	nome masculino	crip|to|a|na|[lis]|ta
criptoanalista	nome feminino	crip|to|a|na|[lis]|ta
criptoanalítico	adjetivo	crip|to|a|na|[lí]|ti|co
criptobrânquio	adjetivo	crip|to|[brân]|qui|o
criptobrânquio	nome masculino	crip|to|[brân]|qui|o
criptocarpo	adjetivo	crip|to|[car]|po
criptocefalia	nome feminino	crip|to|ce|fa|[li]|a
criptocéfalo	adjetivo	crip|to|[cé]|fa|lo
criptocéfalo	nome masculino	crip|to|[cé]|fa|lo
criptócero	adjetivo	crip|[tó]|ce|ro
criptocotiledôneo	adjetivo	crip|to|co|ti|le|[dô]|ne|o
criptocotiledóneo	adjetivo	crip|to|co|ti|le|[dó]|ne|o
criptocristalino	adjetivo	crip|to|cris|ta|[li]|no
criptodídimo	nome masculino	crip|to|[dí]|di|mo
