crisóstomo	adjetivo	cri|[sós]|to|mo
crisóstomo	nome masculino	cri|[sós]|to|mo
crisoterapia	nome feminino	cri|so|te|ra|[pi]|a
crisoterápico	adjetivo	cri|so|te|[rá]|pi|co
crispação	nome feminino	cris|pa|[ção]
crispado	adjetivo	cris|[pa]|do
crispadura	nome feminino	cris|pa|[du]|ra
crispamento	nome masculino	cris|pa|[men]|to
crispante	adjetivo	cris|[pan]|te
crispar	verbo	cris|[par]
crispável	adjetivo	cris|[pá]|vel
crispifloro	adjetivo	cris|pi|[flo]|ro
crispifoliado	adjetivo	cris|pi|fo|li|[a]|do
crispifólio	adjetivo	cris|pi|[fó]|li|o
crista	nome feminino	[cris]|ta
cristã	nome feminino	cris|[tã]
crista-de-galo	nome feminino	cris|ta-de-ga|lo
cristã-democrata	nome feminino	cris|tã-de|mo|[cra]|ta
cristã-novice	nome feminino	cris|tã-no|[vi]|ce
cristã-velha	nome feminino	cris|tã-ve|lha
cristã-velhice	nome feminino	cris|tã-ve|[lhi]|ce
cristadela	nome feminino	cris|ta|[de]|la
cristadelfo	adjetivo	cris|ta|[del]|fo
cristadelfo	nome masculino	cris|ta|[del]|fo
cristado	adjetivo	cris|[ta]|do
cristal	nome masculino	cris|[tal]
cristalaria	nome feminino	cris|ta|la|[ri]|a
cristaleira	nome feminino	cris|ta|[lei]|ra
cristaleléctrico	adjetivo	cris|ta|le|[léc]|tri|co
cristalelétrico	adjetivo	cris|ta|le|[lé]|tri|co
cristaleria	nome feminino	cris|ta|le|[ri]|a
cristalífero	adjetivo	cris|ta|[lí]|fe|ro
cristalina	nome feminino	cris|ta|[li]|na
cristalinidade	nome feminino	cris|ta|li|ni|[da]|de
cristalino	nome masculino	cris|ta|[li]|no
cristalino	adjetivo	cris|ta|[li]|no
cristalização	nome feminino	cris|ta|li|za|[ção]
cristalizado	adjetivo	cris|ta|li|[za]|do
cristalizador	nome masculino	cris|ta|li|za|[dor]
cristalizador	adjetivo	cris|ta|li|za|[dor]
cristalizante	adjetivo	cris|ta|li|[zan]|te
cristalizar	verbo	cris|ta|li|[zar]
cristalizável	adjetivo	cris|ta|li|[zá]|vel
cristalofílico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[fí]|li|co
cristalofobia	nome feminino	cris|ta|lo|fo|[bi]|a
cristalófobo	adjetivo	cris|ta|[ló]|fo|bo
cristalogenia	nome feminino	cris|ta|lo|ge|[ni]|a
cristalogénico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[gé]|ni|co
cristalogênico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[gê]|ni|co
cristalógrafa	nome feminino	cris|ta|[ló]|gra|fa
cristalografia	nome feminino	cris|ta|lo|gra|[fi]|a
cristalográfico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[grá]|fi|co
cristalógrafo	nome masculino	cris|ta|[ló]|gra|fo
cristaloide	nome masculino	cris|ta|[loi]|de
cristaloide	adjetivo	cris|ta|[loi]|de
cristalologia	nome feminino	cris|ta|lo|lo|[gi]|a
cristalológico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[ló]|gi|co
cristalomancia	nome feminino	cris|ta|lo|man|[ci]|a
cristalomante	nome masculino	cris|ta|lo|[man]|te
cristalomante	nome feminino	cris|ta|lo|[man]|te
cristalomântico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[mân]|ti|co
cristalometria	nome feminino	cris|ta|lo|me|[tri]|a
cristalométrico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[mé]|tri|co
cristalonomia	nome feminino	cris|ta|lo|no|[mi]|a
cristalonômico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[nô]|mi|co
cristalonómico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[nó]|mi|co
cristalotecnia	nome feminino	cris|ta|lo|tec|[ni]|a
cristalotécnico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[téc]|ni|co
cristalotomia	nome feminino	cris|ta|lo|to|[mi]|a
cristalotómico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[tó]|mi|co
cristalotômico	adjetivo	cris|ta|lo|[tô]|mi|co
cristámaco	nome masculino	cris|[tá]|ma|co
cristãmente	advérbio	cris|tã|[men]|te
cristandade	nome feminino	cris|tan|[da]|de
cristão	adjetivo	cris|[tão]
cristão	nome masculino	cris|[tão]
cristão-democrata	nome masculino	cris|tão-de|mo|[cra]|ta
cristão-novo	nome masculino	cris|tão-no|vo
cristão-social	adjetivo	cris|tão-so|ci|[al]
cristão-velho	nome masculino	cris|tão-ve|lho
cristel	nome masculino	cris|[tel]
cristeleira	nome feminino	cris|te|[lei]|ra
cristelo	nome masculino	cris|[te]|lo
cristianense	adjetivo	cris|ti|a|[nen]|se
cristianense	nome masculino	cris|ti|a|[nen]|se
cristianense	nome feminino	cris|ti|a|[nen]|se
cristianicida	nome masculino	cris|ti|a|ni|[ci]|da
cristianicida	nome feminino	cris|ti|a|ni|[ci]|da
cristianicídio	nome masculino	cris|ti|a|ni|[cí]|di|o
cristianismo	nome masculino	cris|ti|a|[nis]|mo
cristianíssimo	adjetivo	cris|ti|a|[nís]|si|mo
cristianização	nome feminino	cris|ti|a|ni|za|[ção]
cristianizador	adjetivo	cris|ti|a|ni|za|[dor]
cristianizador	nome masculino	cris|ti|a|ni|za|[dor]
cristianizar	verbo	cris|ti|a|ni|[zar]
cristianizável	adjetivo	cris|ti|a|ni|[zá]|vel
cristiano	nome masculino	cris|ti|[a]|no
cristicida	nome masculino	cris|ti|[ci]|da
cristicídio	nome masculino	cris|ti|[cí]|di|o
crístico	adjetivo	[crís]|ti|co
