cruzeta	nome feminino	cru|[ze]|ta
cruzetado	adjetivo	cru|ze|[ta]|do
cruzinha	nome feminino	cru|[zi]|nha
crúzio	nome masculino	[crú]|zi|o
crúzio	adjetivo	[crú]|zi|o
csi	nome masculino	[csi]
ctenobrânquio	nome masculino	cte|no|[brân]|qui|o
ctenócero	adjetivo	cte|[nó]|ce|ro
ctenócero	nome masculino	cte|[nó]|ce|ro
ctenodonte	adjetivo	cte|no|[don]|te
ctenodonte	nome masculino	cte|no|[don]|te
ctenóforo	nome masculino	cte|[nó]|fo|ro
ctenóforo	adjetivo	cte|[nó]|fo|ro
ctenoide	adjetivo	cte|[noi]|de
ctenóstomo	nome masculino	cte|[nós]|to|mo
ctentóforo	nome masculino	cten|[tó]|fo|ro
ctónico	adjetivo	[ctó]|ni|co
ctônico	adjetivo	[ctô]|ni|co
ctónio	adjetivo	[ctó]|ni|o
ctônio	adjetivo	[ctô]|ni|o
ctonismo	nome masculino	cto|[nis]|mo
cu	nome masculino	[cu]
cu-cosido	nome masculino	cu-co|[si]|do
cuácu	nome masculino	cu|[á]|cu
cuácua	nome feminino	cu|[á]|cu|a
cuada	nome feminino	cu|[a]|da
cuailou	nome masculino	cu|ai|[lou]
cualvo	nome masculino	cu|[al]|vo
cuamata	adjetivo	cu|a|[ma]|ta
cuamata	nome masculino	cu|a|[ma]|ta
cuamata	nome feminino	cu|a|[ma]|ta
cuamato	adjetivo	cu|a|[ma]|to
cuamato	nome masculino	cu|a|[ma]|to
cuamato	nome feminino	cu|a|[ma]|to
cuambu	nome masculino	cu|am|[bu]
cuandu	nome masculino	cu|an|[du]
cuanhama	adjetivo	cu|a|[nha]|ma
cuanhama	nome masculino	cu|a|[nha]|ma
cuanhama	nome feminino	cu|a|[nha]|ma
cuanza	nome masculino	cu|[an]|za
cuapada	nome feminino	cu|a|[pa]|da
cuatá	nome masculino	cu|a|[tá]
cuati	nome masculino	cu|a|[ti]
cuba	nome masculino	[cu]|ba
cuba	nome feminino	[cu]|ba
cubagem	nome feminino	cu|[ba]|gem
cubana	nome feminino	cu|[ba]|na
cubano	adjetivo	cu|[ba]|no
cubano	nome masculino	cu|[ba]|no
cubar	verbo	cu|[bar]
cubata	nome feminino	cu|[ba]|ta
cubatão	nome masculino	cu|ba|[tão]
cubatura	nome feminino	cu|ba|[tu]|ra
cubeado	nome masculino	cu|be|[a]|do
cubeba	nome feminino	cu|[be]|ba
cubebeira	nome feminino	cu|be|[bei]|ra
cubeiro	adjetivo	cu|[bei]|ro
cubela	nome feminino	cu|[be]|la
cubelo	nome masculino	cu|[be]|lo
cubense	adjetivo	cu|[ben]|se
cubense	nome masculino	cu|[ben]|se
cubense	nome feminino	cu|[ben]|se
cubi	nome masculino	cu|[bi]
cubicagem	nome feminino	cu|bi|[ca]|gem
cubicamente	advérbio	cu|bi|ca|[men]|te
cubicar	verbo	cu|bi|[car]
cúbico	adjetivo	[cú]|bi|co
cubicular	adjetivo	cu|bi|cu|[lar]
cubiculário	nome masculino	cu|bi|cu|[lá]|ri|o
cubículo	nome masculino	cu|[bí]|cu|lo
cubiforme	adjetivo	cu|bi|[for]|me
cubinho	nome masculino	cu|[bi]|nho
cubismo	nome masculino	cu|[bis]|mo
cubista	nome masculino	cu|[bis]|ta
cubista	adjetivo	cu|[bis]|ta
cubista	nome feminino	cu|[bis]|ta
cubital	adjetivo	cu|bi|[tal]
cúbito	nome masculino	[cú]|bi|to
cubitocarpiano	adjetivo	cu|bi|to|car|pi|[a]|no
cubitodigital	adjetivo	cu|bi|to|di|gi|[tal]
cubitofalangeano	adjetivo	cu|bi|to|fa|lan|ge|[a]|no
cubitopalmar	adjetivo	cu|bi|to|pal|[mar]
cubitorradial	adjetivo	cu|bi|tor|ra|di|[al]
cubo	nome masculino	[cu]|bo
cubo-cúbico	adjetivo	cu|bo-cú|bi|co
cubo-cubo	nome masculino	cu|bo-cu|bo
cuboide	adjetivo	cu|[boi]|de
cuboide	nome masculino	cu|[boi]|de
cubomancia	nome feminino	cu|bo|man|[ci]|a
cubomania	nome feminino	cu|bo|ma|[ni]|a
cubomante	nome masculino	cu|bo|[man]|te
cubomante	nome feminino	cu|bo|[man]|te
cuboprismático	adjetivo	cu|bo|pris|[má]|ti|co
cuca	nome feminino	[cu]|ca
cuca	nome masculino	[cu]|ca
cuca	interjeição	[cu]|ca
cucar	verbo	cu|[car]
cucarne	nome masculino	cu|[car]|ne
cucharra	nome feminino	cu|[char]|ra
cucharrada	nome feminino	cu|char|[ra]|da
