curricularmente	advérbio	cur|ri|cu|lar|[men]|te
currículo	nome masculino	cur|[rí]|cu|lo
curro	nome masculino	[cur]|ro
cursado	adjetivo	cur|[sa]|do
cursante	adjetivo	cur|[san]|te
cursante	nome masculino	cur|[san]|te
cursante	nome feminino	cur|[san]|te
cursão	nome masculino	cur|[são]
cursar	verbo	cur|[sar]
cursável	adjetivo	cur|[sá]|vel
cursear	verbo	cur|se|[ar]
cúrsio	nome masculino	[cúr]|si|o
cursista	nome masculino	cur|[sis]|ta
cursista	nome feminino	cur|[sis]|ta
cursivinho	nome masculino	cur|si|[vi]|nho
cursivo	nome masculino	cur|[si]|vo
cursivo	adjetivo	cur|[si]|vo
curso	nome masculino	[cur]|so
cursometria	nome feminino	cur|so|me|[tri]|a
cursométrico	adjetivo	cur|so|[mé]|tri|co
cursómetro	nome masculino	cur|[só]|me|tro
cursômetro	nome masculino	cur|[sô]|me|tro
cursónia	nome feminino	cur|[só]|ni|a
cursônia	nome feminino	cur|[sô]|ni|a
cursor	adjetivo	cur|[sor]
cursor	nome masculino	cur|[sor]
cursora	nome feminino	cur|[so]|ra
curtamente	advérbio	cur|ta|[men]|te
curte	nome feminino	[cur]|te
curteza	nome feminino	cur|[te]|za
curtição	nome feminino	cur|ti|[ção]
curtido	adjetivo	cur|[ti]|do
curtidoiro	nome masculino	cur|ti|[doi]|ro
curtidor	adjetivo	cur|ti|[dor]
curtidor	nome masculino	cur|ti|[dor]
curtidora	nome feminino	cur|ti|[do]|ra
curtidouro	nome masculino	cur|ti|[dou]|ro
curtidura	nome feminino	cur|ti|[du]|ra
curtimenta	nome feminino	cur|ti|[men]|ta
curtimento	nome masculino	cur|ti|[men]|to
curtir	verbo	cur|[tir]
curtíssimo	adjetivo	cur|[tís]|si|mo
curto	adjetivo	[cur]|to
curto-circuito	nome masculino	cur|to-cir|[cui]|to
curtume	nome masculino	cur|[tu]|me
curuá	nome masculino	cu|ru|[á]
curuatá	nome masculino	cu|ru|a|[tá]
curuba	nome feminino	cu|[ru]|ba
curucaca	nome feminino	cu|ru|[ca]|ca
curucuco	nome masculino	cu|ru|[cu]|co
curucucu	nome masculino	cu|ru|cu|[cu]
curul	adjetivo	cu|[rul]
curul	nome feminino	cu|[rul]
curumba	nome masculino	cu|[rum]|ba
curumba	nome feminino	cu|[rum]|ba
curumi	nome masculino	cu|ru|[mi]
curuperê	nome masculino	cu|ru|pe|[rê]
curupitã	nome masculino	cu|ru|pi|[tã]
curupuruí	nome masculino	cu|ru|pu|ru|[í]
curuquerê	nome masculino	cu|ru|que|[rê]
cururê	nome masculino	cu|ru|[rê]
cururu	nome masculino	cu|ru|[ru]
cururuá	nome masculino	cu|ru|ru|[á]
cururuboia	nome feminino	cu|ru|ru|[boi]|a
curva	nome feminino	[cur]|va
curvaça	nome feminino	cur|[va]|ça
curvado	adjetivo	cur|[va]|do
curval	adjetivo	cur|[val]
curvar	verbo	cur|[var]
curvatão	nome masculino	cur|va|[tão]
curvativo	adjetivo	cur|va|[ti]|vo
curvatura	nome feminino	cur|va|[tu]|ra
curvejamento	nome masculino	cur|ve|ja|[men]|to
curvejante	adjetivo	cur|ve|[jan]|te
curvejão	nome masculino	cur|ve|[jão]
curvejar	verbo	cur|ve|[jar]
curvelana	nome feminino	cur|ve|[la]|na
curvelano	adjetivo	cur|ve|[la]|no
curvelano	nome masculino	cur|ve|[la]|no
curveta	nome feminino	cur|[ve]|ta
curvetear	verbo	cur|ve|te|[ar]
curvicaude	adjetivo	cur|vi|[cau]|de
curvicórneo	adjetivo	cur|vi|[cór]|ne|o
curvidade	nome feminino	cur|vi|[da]|de
curvifloro	adjetivo	cur|vi|[flo]|ro
curvifoliado	adjetivo	cur|vi|fo|li|[a]|do
curvifronte	adjetivo	cur|vi|[fron]|te
curvígrafo	nome masculino	cur|[ví]|gra|fo
curvilhão	nome masculino	cur|vi|[lhão]
curvilíneo	adjetivo	cur|vi|[lí]|ne|o
curvimétrico	adjetivo	cur|vi|[mé]|tri|co
curvímetro	nome masculino	cur|[ví]|me|tro
curvinervado	adjetivo	cur|vi|ner|[va]|do
curvinérveo	adjetivo	cur|vi|[nér]|ve|o
curvípede	adjetivo	cur|[ví]|pe|de
curvirrostro	adjetivo	cur|vir|[ros]|tro
curvo	adjetivo	[cur]|vo
cusco	nome masculino	[cus]|co
cuscúcio	nome masculino	cus|[cú]|ci|o
cuscuta	nome feminino	cus|[cu]|ta
