camarologia	nome feminino	ca|ma|ro|lo|[gi]|a
camarológico	adjetivo	ca|ma|ro|[ló]|gi|co
camarólogo	nome masculino	ca|ma|[ró]|lo|go
camaronense	adjetivo	ca|ma|ro|[nen]|se
camaronense	nome masculino	ca|ma|ro|[nen]|se
camaronense	nome feminino	ca|ma|ro|[nen]|se
camaronês	adjetivo	ca|ma|ro|[nês]
camaronês	nome masculino	ca|ma|ro|[nês]
camarote	nome masculino	ca|ma|[ro]|te
camaroteira	nome feminino	ca|ma|ro|[tei]|ra
camaroteiro	nome masculino	ca|ma|ro|[tei]|ro
camaroto	nome masculino	ca|ma|[ro]|to
camartelada	nome feminino	ca|mar|te|[la]|da
camartelador	adjetivo	ca|mar|te|la|[dor]
camartelar	verbo	ca|mar|te|[lar]
camartelo	nome masculino	ca|mar|[te]|lo
camatanga	nome feminino	ca|ma|[tan]|ga
camau	nome masculino	ca|[mau]
camauro	nome masculino	ca|[mau]|ro
camavo	adjetivo	ca|[ma]|vo
camavo	nome masculino	ca|[ma]|vo
camaxirra	nome feminino	ca|ma|[xir]|ra
camba	nome feminino	[cam]|ba
camba	nome masculino	[cam]|ba
cambaco	nome masculino	cam|[ba]|co
cambada	nome feminino	cam|[ba]|da
cambadela	nome feminino	cam|ba|[de]|la
cambado	adjetivo	cam|[ba]|do
cambadoiro	nome masculino	cam|ba|[doi]|ro
cambadouro	nome masculino	cam|ba|[dou]|ro
cambaia	nome feminino	cam|[bai]|a
cambaiate	adjetivo	cam|bai|[a]|te
cambaiate	nome masculino	cam|bai|[a]|te
cambaiate	nome feminino	cam|bai|[a]|te
cambaico	adjetivo	cam|[bai]|co
cambaico	nome masculino	cam|[bai]|co
cambaio	adjetivo	cam|[bai]|o
cambaio	nome masculino	cam|[bai]|o
cambal	nome masculino	cam|[bal]
cambala	nome feminino	cam|[ba]|la
cambalachar	verbo	cam|ba|la|[char]
cambalacho	nome masculino	cam|ba|[la]|cho
cambaleante	adjetivo	cam|ba|le|[an]|te
cambalear	verbo	cam|ba|le|[ar]
cambaleio	nome masculino	cam|ba|[lei]|o
cambalhão	nome masculino	cam|ba|[lhão]
cambalhota	nome feminino	cam|ba|[lho]|ta
cambalhotar	verbo	cam|ba|lho|[tar]
cambaluço	nome masculino	cam|ba|[lu]|ço
cambaluz	nome masculino	cam|ba|[luz]
cambamento	nome masculino	cam|ba|[men]|to
cambança	nome feminino	cam|[ban]|ça
cambanito	nome masculino	cam|ba|[ni]|to
cambanza	nome feminino	cam|[ban]|za
cambão	nome masculino	cam|[bão]
cambapé	nome masculino	cam|ba|[pé]
cambar	verbo	cam|[bar]
cambará	nome masculino	cam|ba|[rá]
cambareira	nome feminino	cam|ba|[rei]|ra
cambaretas	nome feminino	cam|ba|[re]|tas
cambariçu	nome masculino	cam|ba|ri|[çu]
cambaritas	nome feminino	cam|ba|[ri]|tas
cambaritoque	nome masculino	cam|ba|ri|[to]|que
cambau	nome masculino	cam|[bau]
cambaxirra	nome feminino	cam|ba|[xir]|ra
cambaz	adjetivo	cam|[baz]
cambeba	adjetivo	cam|[be]|ba
cambeba	nome masculino	cam|[be]|ba
cambeba	nome feminino	cam|[be]|ba
cambeira	nome feminino	cam|[bei]|ra
cambeirada	nome feminino	cam|bei|[ra]|da
cambeiral	nome masculino	cam|bei|[ral]
cambeiro	nome masculino	cam|[bei]|ro
cambembe	adjetivo	cam|[bem]|be
camber	nome masculino	cam|[ber]
camberrana	nome feminino	cam|ber|[ra]|na
camberrano	adjetivo	cam|ber|[ra]|no
camberrano	nome masculino	cam|ber|[ra]|no
cambeta	adjetivo	cam|[be]|ta
cambeta	nome masculino	cam|[be]|ta
cambeta	nome feminino	cam|[be]|ta
cambetear	verbo	cam|be|te|[ar]
cambeúva	adjetivo	cam|be|[ú]|va
cambiação	nome feminino	cam|bi|a|[ção]
cambiador	nome masculino	cam|bi|a|[dor]
cambial	nome feminino	cam|bi|[al]
cambial	adjetivo	cam|bi|[al]
cambial	nome masculino	cam|bi|[al]
cambiância	nome feminino	cam|bi|[ân]|ci|a
cambiante	adjetivo	cam|bi|[an]|te
cambiante	nome masculino	cam|bi|[an]|te
cambiante	nome feminino	cam|bi|[an]|te
cambiar	verbo	cam|bi|[ar]
cambiário	adjetivo	cam|bi|[á]|ri|o
cambiável	adjetivo	cam|bi|[á]|vel
cambica	nome feminino	cam|[bi]|ca
câmbio	nome masculino	[câm]|bi|o
cambiriquito	nome masculino	cam|bi|ri|[qui]|to
cambismo	nome masculino	cam|[bis]|mo
cambista	nome masculino	cam|[bis]|ta
