cambista	nome feminino	cam|[bis]|ta
cambitar	verbo	cam|bi|[tar]
cambiteira	nome feminino	cam|bi|[tei]|ra
cambiteiro	nome masculino	cam|bi|[tei]|ro
cambito	nome masculino	cam|[bi]|to
cambleque	nome feminino	cam|[ble]|que
cambo	adjetivo	[cam]|bo
cambo	nome masculino	[cam]|bo
cambo-sónhi	nome masculino	cam|bo-só|nhi
cambo-sónhi	adjetivo	cam|bo-só|nhi
camboa	nome feminino	cam|[bo]|a
camboada	nome feminino	cam|bo|[a]|da
camboar	verbo	cam|bo|[ar]
camboatá	nome masculino	cam|bo|a|[tá]
camboatã	nome masculino	cam|bo|a|[tã]
camboeira	nome feminino	cam|bo|[ei]|ra
camboeiro	nome masculino	cam|bo|[ei]|ro
camboja	adjetivo	cam|[bo]|ja
camboja	nome masculino	cam|[bo]|ja
camboja	nome feminino	cam|[bo]|ja
cambojana	nome feminino	cam|bo|[ja]|na
cambojano	adjetivo	cam|bo|[ja]|no
cambojano	nome masculino	cam|bo|[ja]|no
cambójia	nome feminino	cam|[bó]|ji|a
cambola	nome feminino	cam|[bo]|la
cambolação	nome feminino	cam|bo|la|[ção]
cambolador	nome masculino	cam|bo|la|[dor]
cambolar	verbo	cam|bo|[lar]
cambolectro	adjetivo	cam|bo|[lec]|tro
cambolectro	nome masculino	cam|bo|[lec]|tro
cambolim	nome masculino	cam|bo|[lim]
cambona	nome feminino	cam|[bo]|na
cambonda	nome feminino	cam|[bon]|da
cambondo	adjetivo	cam|[bon]|do
cambondo	nome masculino	cam|[bon]|do
cambonzo	nome masculino	cam|[bon]|zo
cambota	nome feminino	cam|[bo]|ta
cambota	adjetivo	cam|[bo]|ta
cambota	nome masculino	cam|[bo]|ta
cambotas	nome masculino	cam|[bo]|tas
cambote	nome masculino	cam|[bo]|te
cambra	nome feminino	[cam]|bra
cambraia	nome feminino	cam|[brai]|a
cambraia	adjetivo	cam|[brai]|a
cambraieta	nome feminino	cam|brai|[e]|ta
cambrainha	nome feminino	cam|bra|[i]|nha
cambrão	nome masculino	cam|[brão]
cambrar	verbo	cam|[brar]
cambras	nome feminino	[cam]|bras
cambrense	adjetivo	cam|[bren]|se
cambrense	nome masculino	cam|[bren]|se
cambrense	nome feminino	cam|[bren]|se
cambriano	adjetivo	cam|bri|[a]|no
cambriano	nome masculino	cam|bri|[a]|no
câmbrico	adjetivo	[câm]|bri|co
câmbrico	nome masculino	[câm]|bri|co
cambroeira	nome feminino	cam|bro|[ei]|ra
cambuaca	nome feminino	cam|bu|[a]|ca
cambucá	nome masculino	cam|bu|[cá]
cambucazeiro	nome masculino	cam|bu|ca|[zei]|ro
cambuci	nome masculino	cam|bu|[ci]
cambudice	nome feminino	cam|bu|[di]|ce
cambudo	adjetivo	cam|[bu]|do
cambueiras	nome feminino	cam|bu|[ei]|ras
cambueiros	nome masculino	cam|bu|[ei]|ros
cambuí	nome masculino	cam|bu|[í]
cambuizal	nome masculino	cam|bui|[zal]
cambuizeiro	nome masculino	cam|bui|[zei]|ro
cambulha	nome feminino	cam|[bu]|lha
cambulhada	nome feminino	cam|bu|[lha]|da
cambulhão	nome masculino	cam|bu|[lhão]
cambulho	nome masculino	cam|[bu]|lho
cambuquira	nome feminino	cam|bu|[qui]|ra
camburilar	verbo	cam|bu|ri|[lar]
cambuta	nome masculino	cam|[bu]|ta
cambuta	adjetivo	cam|[bu]|ta
cambuta	nome feminino	cam|[bu]|ta
cambuto	adjetivo	cam|[bu]|to
cambuto	nome masculino	cam|[bu]|to
came	nome masculino	[ca]|me
camear	verbo	ca|me|[ar]
camecefalia	nome feminino	ca|me|ce|fa|[li]|a
camecéfalo	adjetivo	ca|me|[cé]|fa|lo
camecrã	adjetivo	ca|me|[crã]
camecrã	nome masculino	ca|me|[crã]
camecrã	nome feminino	ca|me|[crã]
camédrio	nome masculino	ca|[mé]|dri|o
cameia	nome feminino	ca|[mei]|a
camela	nome feminino	ca|[me]|la
camelão	nome masculino	ca|me|[lão]
camelaria	nome feminino	ca|me|la|[ri]|a
cameleão	nome masculino	ca|me|le|[ão]
cameleira	nome feminino	ca|me|[lei]|ra
cameleiro	nome masculino	ca|me|[lei]|ro
cameleôntida	nome masculino	ca|me|le|[ôn]|ti|da
cameleontídeo	nome masculino	ca|me|le|on|[tí]|de|o
cameleontídeo	nome masculino	ca|me|le|on|[tí]|de|o
cameleontídeo	adjetivo	ca|me|le|on|[tí]|de|o
camelete	nome masculino	ca|me|[le]|te
camélia	nome feminino	ca|[mé]|li|a
