canceladura	nome feminino	can|ce|la|[du]|ra
cancelamento	nome masculino	can|ce|la|[men]|to
cancelar	verbo	can|ce|[lar]
cancelário	nome masculino	can|ce|[lá]|ri|o
cancelável	adjetivo	can|ce|[lá]|vel
cancelo	nome masculino	can|[ce]|lo
canceloso	adjetivo	can|ce|[lo]|so
câncer	nome masculino	[cân]|cer
canceração	nome feminino	can|ce|ra|[ção]
cancerar	verbo	can|ce|[rar]
cancerável	adjetivo	can|ce|[rá]|vel
canceremia	nome feminino	can|ce|re|[mi]|a
canceriano	nome masculino	can|ce|ri|[a]|no
canceriano	adjetivo	can|ce|ri|[a]|no
canceriforme	adjetivo	can|ce|ri|[for]|me
cancerígeno	adjetivo	can|ce|[rí]|ge|no
cancerização	nome feminino	can|ce|ri|za|[ção]
cancerizar	verbo	can|ce|ri|[zar]
cancerologia	nome feminino	can|ce|ro|lo|[gi]|a
cancerológico	adjetivo	can|ce|ro|[ló]|gi|co
cancerosa	nome feminino	can|ce|[ro]|sa
canceroso	nome masculino	can|ce|[ro]|so
canceroso	adjetivo	can|ce|[ro]|so
cancha	nome feminino	[can]|cha
canchal	nome masculino	can|[chal]
cancheada	nome feminino	can|che|[a]|da
cancheadista	nome masculino	can|che|a|[dis]|ta
cancheador	nome masculino	can|che|a|[dor]
cancheamento	nome masculino	can|che|a|[men]|to
canchear	verbo	can|che|[ar]
cancheira	nome feminino	can|[chei]|ra
cancheiro	adjetivo	can|[chei]|ro
canchim	nome masculino	can|[chim]
canciocapta	adjetivo	can|ci|o|[cap]|ta
canciocapta	nome masculino	can|ci|o|[cap]|ta
canciocapta	nome feminino	can|ci|o|[cap]|ta
cancioneiro	nome masculino	can|ci|o|[nei]|ro
cancionista	nome masculino	can|ci|o|[nis]|ta
cancionista	nome feminino	can|ci|o|[nis]|ta
cancleu	adjetivo	can|[cleu]
cancleu	nome masculino	can|[cleu]
canço	nome masculino	[can]|ço
cançoneta	nome feminino	can|ço|[ne]|ta
cançoneteiro	nome masculino	can|ço|ne|[tei]|ro
cançonetista	nome masculino	can|ço|ne|[tis]|ta
cançonetista	adjetivo	can|ço|ne|[tis]|ta
cançonetista	nome feminino	can|ço|ne|[tis]|ta
cançonetístico	adjetivo	can|ço|ne|[tís]|ti|co
cancra	nome feminino	[can]|cra
cancrejo	nome masculino	can|[cre]|jo
cancrescente	adjetivo	can|cres|[cen]|te
cancrídeo	adjetivo	can|[crí]|de|o
cancrídeo	nome masculino	can|[crí]|de|o
cancriforme	adjetivo	can|cri|[for]|me
cancrinita	nome feminino	can|cri|[ni]|ta
cancrinite	nome feminino	can|cri|[ni]|te
cancrívoro	adjetivo	can|[crí]|vo|ro
cancrizante	adjetivo	can|cri|[zan]|te
cancro	nome masculino	[can]|cro
cancroide	adjetivo	can|[croi]|de
cancroide	nome masculino	can|[croi]|de
cancrologia	nome feminino	can|cro|lo|[gi]|a
cancrológico	adjetivo	can|cro|[ló]|gi|co
cancrologista	nome masculino	can|cro|lo|[gis]|ta
cancrologista	nome feminino	can|cro|lo|[gis]|ta
cancrólogo	nome masculino	can|[cró]|lo|go
cancroma	nome masculino	can|[cro]|ma
cancurã	nome masculino	can|cu|[rã]
candabo	nome masculino	can|[da]|bo
candabu	nome masculino	can|da|[bu]
cândace	nome feminino	[cân]|da|ce
candado	nome masculino	can|[da]|do
candando	nome masculino	can|[dan]|do
candango	nome masculino	can|[dan]|go
cande	nome masculino	[can]|de
candeada	nome feminino	can|de|[a]|da
candeal	nome masculino	can|de|[al]
candear	verbo	can|de|[ar]
candearia	nome feminino	can|de|a|[ri]|a
candeeira	nome feminino	can|de|[ei]|ra
candeeirada	nome feminino	can|de|ei|[ra]|da
candeeireiro	nome masculino	can|de|ei|[rei]|ro
candeeiro	nome masculino	can|de|[ei]|ro
candeia	nome feminino	can|[dei]|a
candeia	adjetivo	can|[dei]|a
candeio	nome masculino	can|[dei]|o
candela	nome feminino	can|[de]|la
candelabro	nome masculino	can|de|[la]|bro
candelária	nome feminino	can|de|[lá]|ri|a
candeliça	nome feminino	can|de|[li]|ça
candelinha	nome feminino	can|de|[li]|nha
candembe	nome masculino	can|[dem]|be
candência	nome feminino	can|[dên]|ci|a
candengue	adjetivo	can|[den]|gue
candengue	nome masculino	can|[den]|gue
candente	adjetivo	can|[den]|te
candeola	nome feminino	can|de|[o]|la
cândi	adjetivo	[cân]|di
cândi	nome masculino	[cân]|di
candial	adjetivo	can|di|[al]
