cabombácea	nome feminino	ca|bom|[bá]|ce|a
cabonde	advérbio	ca|[bon]|de
cabonde	adjetivo	ca|[bon]|de
caboquena	adjetivo	ca|bo|[que]|na
caboquena	nome masculino	ca|bo|[que]|na
caboquena	nome feminino	ca|bo|[que]|na
caboraíba	nome feminino	ca|bo|ra|[í]|ba
caborje	nome masculino	ca|[bor]|je
caborjeiro	nome masculino	ca|bor|[jei]|ro
cabortar	verbo	ca|bor|[tar]
cabortear	verbo	ca|bor|te|[ar]
caborteirice	nome feminino	ca|bor|tei|[ri]|ce
caborteiro	adjetivo	ca|bor|[tei]|ro
caborteiro	nome masculino	ca|bor|[tei]|ro
cabotagem	nome feminino	ca|bo|[ta]|gem
cabotar	verbo	ca|bo|[tar]
cabotina	nome feminino	ca|bo|[ti]|na
cabotinagem	nome feminino	ca|bo|ti|[na]|gem
cabotinamente	advérbio	ca|bo|ti|na|[men]|te
cabotinar	verbo	ca|bo|ti|[nar]
cabotinismo	nome masculino	ca|bo|ti|[nis]|mo
cabotino	nome masculino	ca|bo|[ti]|no
cabotino	adjetivo	ca|bo|[ti]|no
caboucador	nome masculino	ca|bou|ca|[dor]
caboucar	verbo	ca|bou|[car]
cabouco	nome masculino	ca|[bou]|co
cabouqueira	nome feminino	ca|bou|[quei]|ra
cabouqueiro	nome masculino	ca|bou|[quei]|ro
caboz	nome masculino	ca|[boz]
cabozeira	nome feminino	ca|bo|[zei]|ra
cabozeiro	nome masculino	ca|bo|[zei]|ro
cabra	nome masculino	[ca]|bra
cabra	nome feminino	[ca]|bra
cabra	adjetivo	[ca]|bra
cabra-almiscareira	nome feminino	ca|bra-al|mis|ca|[rei]|ra
cabra-cega	nome feminino	ca|bra-ce|ga
cabra-do-monte	nome feminino	ca|bra-do-mon|te
cabra-loira	nome feminino	ca|bra-loi|ra
cabra-loura	nome feminino	ca|bra-lou|ra
cabrada	nome feminino	ca|[bra]|da
cabralhada	nome feminino	ca|bra|[lha]|da
cabralhona	nome feminino	ca|bra|[lho]|na
cabralino	adjetivo	ca|bra|[li]|no
cabralino	nome masculino	ca|bra|[li]|no
cabralismo	nome masculino	ca|bra|[lis]|mo
cabralista	adjetivo	ca|bra|[lis]|ta
cabralista	nome masculino	ca|bra|[lis]|ta
cabralista	nome feminino	ca|bra|[lis]|ta
cabramo	nome masculino	ca|[bra]|mo
cabrão	nome masculino	ca|[brão]
cabrazar	verbo	ca|bra|[zar]
cabre	nome masculino	[ca]|bre
cábrea	nome feminino	[cá]|bre|a
cabreado	adjetivo	ca|bre|[a]|do
cabrear	verbo	ca|bre|[ar]
cabreira	nome feminino	ca|[brei]|ra
cabreirada	nome feminino	ca|brei|[ra]|da
cabreirice	nome feminino	ca|brei|[ri]|ce
cabreiro	adjetivo	ca|[brei]|ro
cabreiro	nome masculino	ca|[brei]|ro
cabrejar	verbo	ca|bre|[jar]
cabrema	nome feminino	ca|[bre]|ma
cabrestante	nome masculino	ca|bres|[tan]|te
cabrestão	nome masculino	ca|bres|[tão]
cabresteador	nome masculino	ca|bres|te|a|[dor]
cabrestear	verbo	ca|bres|te|[ar]
cabresteira	nome feminino	ca|bres|[tei]|ra
cabresteiro	nome masculino	ca|bres|[tei]|ro
cabresteiro	adjetivo	ca|bres|[tei]|ro
cabrestilho	nome masculino	ca|bres|[ti]|lho
cabresto	nome masculino	ca|[bres]|to
cabrião	nome masculino	ca|bri|[ão]
cabrice	nome feminino	ca|[bri]|ce
cabril	adjetivo	ca|[bril]
cabril	nome masculino	ca|[bril]
cabrilha	nome feminino	ca|[bri]|lha
cabrim	nome masculino	ca|[brim]
cabrinete	nome masculino	ca|bri|[ne]|te
cabrinha	nome feminino	ca|[bri]|nha
cabriola	nome feminino	ca|bri|[o]|la
cabriolar	verbo	ca|bri|o|[lar]
cabriolé	nome masculino	ca|bri|o|[lé]
cabriolet	nome masculino	ca|bri|o|let
cabriolice	nome feminino	ca|bri|o|[li]|ce
cabrita	nome feminino	ca|[bri]|ta
cabritada	nome feminino	ca|bri|[ta]|da
cabritalho	nome masculino	ca|bri|[ta]|lho
cabritar	verbo	ca|bri|[tar]
cabriteiro	nome masculino	ca|bri|[tei]|ro
cabritela	nome feminino	ca|bri|[te]|la
cabritino	adjetivo	ca|bri|[ti]|no
cabritismo	nome masculino	ca|bri|[tis]|mo
cabrito	adjetivo	ca|[bri]|to
cabrito	nome masculino	ca|[bri]|to
cabrito-montês	nome masculino	ca|bri|to-mon|[tês]
cabriúva	nome feminino	ca|bri|[ú]|va
cabro	nome masculino	[ca]|bro
cabroada	nome feminino	ca|bro|[a]|da
cabrobó	nome masculino	ca|bro|[bó]
cabrocar	verbo	ca|bro|[car]
