candicante	nome feminino	can|di|[can]|te
cândida	nome feminino	[cân]|di|da
candidamente	advérbio	can|di|da|[men]|te
candidante	adjetivo	can|di|[dan]|te
candidata	nome feminino	can|di|[da]|ta
candidatar	verbo	can|di|da|[tar]
candidato	nome masculino	can|di|[da]|to
candidatura	nome feminino	can|di|da|[tu]|ra
candidez	nome feminino	can|di|[dez]
candideza	nome feminino	can|di|[de]|za
candidíase	nome feminino	can|di|[dí]|a|se
candidizar	verbo	can|di|di|[zar]
cândido	adjetivo	[cân]|di|do
candidose	nome feminino	can|di|[do]|se
cândil	adjetivo	[cân]|dil
candil	nome masculino	can|[dil]
candilar	verbo	can|di|[lar]
candimba	nome masculino	can|[dim]|ba
candinga	nome feminino	can|[din]|ga
candinha	nome feminino	can|[di]|nha
candiota	adjetivo	can|di|[o]|ta
candiota	nome masculino	can|di|[o]|ta
candiota	nome feminino	can|di|[o]|ta
candiru	nome masculino	can|di|[ru]
cando	nome masculino	[can]|do
candolar	verbo	can|do|[lar]
candólea	nome feminino	can|[dó]|le|a
candombá	nome masculino	can|dom|[bá]
candombe	nome masculino	can|[dom]|be
candomblé	nome masculino	can|dom|[blé]
candomblezeiro	nome masculino	can|dom|ble|[zei]|ro
candonga	nome feminino	can|[don]|ga
candonga	nome masculino	can|[don]|ga
candongagem	nome feminino	can|don|[ga]|gem
candongar	verbo	can|don|[gar]
candongo	nome masculino	can|[don]|go
candongueira	nome feminino	can|don|[guei]|ra
candongueiro	adjetivo	can|don|[guei]|ro
candongueiro	nome masculino	can|don|[guei]|ro
candonguice	nome feminino	can|don|[gui]|ce
candor	nome masculino	can|[dor]
candorça	nome feminino	can|[dor]|ça
candoroso	adjetivo	can|do|[ro]|so
candua	nome feminino	can|[du]|a
candura	nome feminino	can|[du]|ra
candurim	nome masculino	can|du|[rim]
canear	verbo	ca|ne|[ar]
caneca	nome feminino	ca|[ne]|ca
canecada	nome feminino	ca|ne|[ca]|da
caneco	nome masculino	ca|[ne]|co
caneco	adjetivo	ca|[ne]|co
canéfora	nome feminino	ca|[né]|fo|ra
caneira	nome feminino	ca|[nei]|ra
caneiro	nome masculino	ca|[nei]|ro
caneja	nome feminino	ca|[ne]|ja
canejo	adjetivo	ca|[ne]|jo
canejo	nome masculino	ca|[ne]|jo
canela	nome feminino	ca|[ne]|la
canela	nome masculino	ca|[ne]|la
canela	adjetivo	ca|[ne]|la
canela-fina	nome masculino	ca|ne|la-fi|na
canela-fina	nome feminino	ca|ne|la-fi|na
canela-fina	adjetivo	ca|ne|la-fi|na
canelácea	nome feminino	ca|ne|[lá]|ce|a
caneláceo	adjetivo	ca|ne|[lá]|ce|o
canelada	nome feminino	ca|ne|[la]|da
canelado	adjetivo	ca|ne|[la]|do
canelado	nome masculino	ca|ne|[la]|do
caneladura	nome feminino	ca|ne|la|[du]|ra
canelagem	nome feminino	ca|ne|[la]|gem
canelão	adjetivo	ca|ne|[lão]
canelão	nome masculino	ca|ne|[lão]
canelar	verbo	ca|ne|[lar]
caneleira	nome feminino	ca|ne|[lei]|ra
caneleirinho	nome masculino	ca|ne|lei|[ri]|nho
caneleiro	nome masculino	ca|ne|[lei]|ro
caneleiro	adjetivo	ca|ne|[lei]|ro
canelejo	nome masculino	ca|ne|[le]|jo
canelha	nome feminino	ca|[ne]|lha
canelho	nome masculino	ca|[ne]|lho
canelim	nome masculino	ca|ne|[lim]
canelina	nome feminino	ca|ne|[li]|na
canelinha	nome masculino	ca|ne|[li]|nha
canelo	nome masculino	ca|[ne]|lo
canelone	nome masculino	ca|ne|[lo]|ne
caneludo	adjetivo	ca|ne|[lu]|do
canelura	nome feminino	ca|ne|[lu]|ra
canema	nome feminino	ca|[ne]|ma
canense	adjetivo	ca|[nen]|se
canense	nome masculino	ca|[nen]|se
canense	nome feminino	ca|[nen]|se
canepeteira	nome feminino	ca|ne|pe|[tei]|ra
canequi	nome masculino	ca|ne|[qui]
caneta	nome feminino	ca|[ne]|ta
caneta-tinteiro	nome feminino	ca|ne|ta-tin|[tei]|ro
canevão	nome masculino	ca|ne|[vão]
canevás	nome masculino	ca|ne|[vás]
câneve	nome masculino	[câ]|ne|ve
canfano	nome masculino	can|[fa]|no
canfénico	adjetivo	can|[fé]|ni|co
