canfênico	adjetivo	can|[fê]|ni|co
canfeno	nome masculino	can|[fe]|no
cânfora	nome feminino	[cân]|fo|ra
canforáceo	adjetivo	can|fo|[rá]|ce|o
canforado	adjetivo	can|fo|[ra]|do
canforar	verbo	can|fo|[rar]
canforato	nome masculino	can|fo|[ra]|to
canforeira	nome feminino	can|fo|[rei]|ra
canforeiro	nome masculino	can|fo|[rei]|ro
canfórico	adjetivo	can|[fó]|ri|co
canforífero	adjetivo	can|fo|[rí]|fe|ro
canforina	nome feminino	can|fo|[ri]|na
canforoide	adjetivo	can|fo|[roi]|de
canforomania	nome feminino	can|fo|ro|ma|[ni]|a
canforomaníaco	adjetivo	can|fo|ro|ma|[ní]|a|co
canforomaníaco	nome masculino	can|fo|ro|ma|[ní]|a|co
canforómano	nome masculino	can|fo|[ró]|ma|no
canforômano	nome masculino	can|fo|[rô]|ma|no
canforosol	nome masculino	can|fo|ro|[sol]
canforovínico	adjetivo	can|fo|ro|[ví]|ni|co
canfulado	nome masculino	can|fu|[la]|do
canga	nome feminino	[can]|ga
cangá	nome masculino	can|[gá]
cangabicha	nome feminino	can|ga|[bi]|cha
cangaçais	nome masculino	can|ga|[çais]
cangaceirada	nome feminino	can|ga|cei|[ra]|da
cangaceirismo	nome masculino	can|ga|cei|[ris]|mo
cangaceiro	nome masculino	can|ga|[cei]|ro
cangaço	nome masculino	can|[ga]|ço
cangado	nome masculino	can|[ga]|do
cangalha	nome feminino	can|[ga]|lha
cangalhada	nome feminino	can|ga|[lha]|da
cangalhas	nome feminino	can|[ga]|lhas
cangalheiras	nome feminino	can|ga|[lhei]|ras
cangalheiro	adjetivo	can|ga|[lhei]|ro
cangalheiro	nome masculino	can|ga|[lhei]|ro
cangalho	nome masculino	can|[ga]|lho
cangamba	nome masculino	can|[gam]|ba
cangamba	adjetivo	can|[gam]|ba
cangancha	nome feminino	can|[gan]|cha
cangancheiro	nome masculino	can|gan|[chei]|ro
canganguá	nome masculino	can|gan|[guá]
canganhiça	nome feminino	can|ga|[nhi]|ça
canganho	nome masculino	can|[ga]|nho
cangapara	nome feminino	can|ga|[pa]|ra
cangapé	nome masculino	can|ga|[pé]
cangar	verbo	can|[gar]
cangarilhada	nome feminino	can|ga|ri|[lha]|da
cangarinha	nome feminino	can|ga|[ri]|nha
cangarra	nome feminino	can|[gar]|ra
cangatá	nome masculino	can|ga|[tá]
cangati	nome masculino	can|ga|[ti]
cango	nome masculino	[can]|go
cangoeira	nome feminino	can|go|[ei]|ra
cangongo	nome masculino	can|[gon]|go
cangosta	nome feminino	can|[gos]|ta
cangote	nome masculino	can|[go]|te
cangotilho	nome masculino	can|go|[ti]|lho
cangrejo	nome masculino	can|[gre]|jo
canguara	nome feminino	can|[gua]|ra
canguari	nome masculino	can|gua|[ri]
canguçu	nome masculino	can|gu|[çu]
cangudo	nome masculino	can|[gu]|do
cangue	nome masculino	[can]|gue
cangueira	nome feminino	can|[guei]|ra
cangueirão	adjetivo	can|guei|[rão]
cangueiro	nome masculino	can|[guei]|ro
cangueiro	adjetivo	can|[guei]|ro
canguinha	nome masculino	can|[gui]|nha
canguinhar	verbo	can|gui|[nhar]
canguinhas	nome masculino	can|[gui]|nhas
canguinhas	nome feminino	can|[gui]|nhas
cangulo	nome masculino	can|[gu]|lo
cangulo	adjetivo	can|[gu]|lo
cangundo	nome masculino	can|[gun]|do
canguru	nome masculino	can|gu|[ru]
canha	nome feminino	[ca]|nha
canhaco	nome masculino	ca|[nha]|co
canhada	nome feminino	ca|[nha]|da
canhadão	nome masculino	ca|nha|[dão]
canhamaça	nome feminino	ca|nha|[ma]|ça
canhamaço	nome masculino	ca|nha|[ma]|ço
canhambora	nome masculino	ca|nham|[bo]|ra
canhambora	nome feminino	ca|nham|[bo]|ra
canhameira	nome feminino	ca|nha|[mei]|ra
canhameiral	nome masculino	ca|nha|mei|[ral]
canhameiro	nome masculino	ca|nha|[mei]|ro
canhamiço	adjetivo	ca|nha|[mi]|ço
cânhamo	nome masculino	[câ]|nha|mo
cânhamo-de-manila	nome masculino	câ|nha|mo-de-ma|[ni]|la
canhangulo	nome masculino	ca|nhan|[gu]|lo
canhanha	nome feminino	ca|[nha]|nha
canhão	nome masculino	ca|[nhão]
canhar	verbo	ca|[nhar]
canhári	nome masculino	ca|[nhá]|ri
canheiro	nome masculino	ca|[nhei]|ro
canhembora	nome masculino	ca|nhem|[bo]|ra
canhembora	nome feminino	ca|nhem|[bo]|ra
canhengue	adjetivo	ca|[nhen]|gue
canhenha	nome feminino	ca|[nhe]|nha
