canhenho	nome masculino	ca|[nhe]|nho
canhenho	adjetivo	ca|[nhe]|nho
canhestramente	advérbio	ca|nhes|tra|[men]|te
canhestro	adjetivo	ca|[nhes]|tro
canhim	nome masculino	ca|[nhim]
canho	adjetivo	[ca]|nho
canho	nome masculino	[ca]|nho
canhoeira	nome feminino	ca|nho|[ei]|ra
canhoeiro	nome masculino	ca|nho|[ei]|ro
canhoeiro	adjetivo	ca|nho|[ei]|ro
canhola	nome feminino	ca|[nho]|la
canhona	nome feminino	ca|[nho]|na
canhonaço	nome masculino	ca|nho|[na]|ço
canhonada	nome feminino	ca|nho|[na]|da
canhonar	verbo	ca|nho|[nar]
canhonear	verbo	ca|nho|ne|[ar]
canhoneio	nome masculino	ca|nho|[nei]|o
canhoneira	nome feminino	ca|nho|[nei]|ra
canhoneiro	adjetivo	ca|nho|[nei]|ro
canhongo	nome masculino	ca|[nhon]|go
canhos	nome masculino	[ca]|nhos
canhota	nome feminino	ca|[nho]|ta
canhoteiro	adjetivo	ca|nho|[tei]|ro
canhoto	nome masculino	ca|[nho]|to
canhoto	adjetivo	ca|[nho]|to
canibal	adjetivo	ca|ni|[bal]
canibal	nome masculino	ca|ni|[bal]
canibal	nome feminino	ca|ni|[bal]
canibalesco	adjetivo	ca|ni|ba|[les]|co
canibalismo	nome masculino	ca|ni|ba|[lis]|mo
canibalizar	verbo	ca|ni|ba|li|[zar]
caniça	nome feminino	ca|[ni]|ça
caniçada	nome feminino	ca|ni|[ça]|da
caniçado	nome masculino	ca|ni|[ça]|do
caniçal	nome masculino	ca|ni|[çal]
caniçalha	nome feminino	ca|ni|[ça]|lha
caniçalho	nome masculino	ca|ni|[ça]|lho
caniche	nome masculino	ca|[ni]|che
canicho	nome masculino	ca|[ni]|cho
canicida	adjetivo	ca|ni|[ci]|da
canicida	nome masculino	ca|ni|[ci]|da
canicida	nome feminino	ca|ni|[ci]|da
canicídio	nome masculino	ca|ni|[cí]|di|o
canície	nome feminino	ca|[ní]|ci|e
caniço	nome masculino	ca|[ni]|ço
caniço-malhado	nome masculino	ca|ni|ço-ma|[lha]|do
caniçoso	adjetivo	ca|ni|[ço]|so
canícula	nome feminino	ca|[ní]|cu|la
canicular	adjetivo	ca|ni|cu|[lar]
canicultura	nome feminino	ca|ni|cul|[tu]|ra
cânida	nome masculino	[câ]|ni|da
canida	nome feminino	ca|[ni]|da
canídeo	nome masculino	ca|[ní]|de|o
canídeo	adjetivo	ca|[ní]|de|o
canídeo	nome masculino	ca|[ní]|de|o
canídromo	nome masculino	ca|[ní]|dro|mo
canífobo	adjetivo	ca|[ní]|fo|bo
canífobo	nome masculino	ca|[ní]|fo|bo
caniforme	adjetivo	ca|ni|[for]|me
canifraz	nome masculino	ca|ni|[fraz]
canil	nome masculino	ca|[nil]
canilha	nome feminino	ca|[ni]|lha
canimambo	interjeição	ca|ni|[mam]|bo
caninamente	advérbio	ca|ni|na|[men]|te
caninana	nome feminino	ca|ni|[na]|na
canindé	nome masculino	ca|nin|[dé]
caninefate	adjetivo	ca|ni|ne|[fa]|te
caninefate	nome masculino	ca|ni|ne|[fa]|te
caninefate	nome feminino	ca|ni|ne|[fa]|te
canineiro	adjetivo	ca|ni|[nei]|ro
canineiro	nome masculino	ca|ni|[nei]|ro
caninguento	adjetivo	ca|nin|[guen]|to
caninha	nome feminino	ca|[ni]|nha
caninha-verde	nome feminino	ca|ni|nha-ver|de
canino	nome masculino	ca|[ni]|no
canino	adjetivo	ca|[ni]|no
caniqueiro	adjetivo	ca|ni|[quei]|ro
caniqueiro	nome masculino	ca|ni|[quei]|ro
canisado	nome masculino	ca|ni|[sa]|do
canistrel	nome masculino	ca|nis|[trel]
canitar	nome masculino	ca|ni|[tar]
canito	nome masculino	ca|[ni]|to
canivetada	nome feminino	ca|ni|ve|[ta]|da
canivete	nome masculino	ca|ni|[ve]|te
canivetear	verbo	ca|ni|ve|te|[ar]
caniveteiro	nome masculino	ca|ni|ve|[tei]|ro
canja	nome feminino	[can]|ja
canjala	nome feminino	can|[ja]|la
canjar	verbo	can|[jar]
cânjar	nome masculino	[cân]|jar
canjarana	nome feminino	can|ja|[ra]|na
canjerê	nome masculino	can|je|[rê]
canjica	adjetivo	can|[ji]|ca
canjica	nome feminino	can|[ji]|ca
canjicada	nome feminino	can|ji|[ca]|da
canjiqueira	nome feminino	can|ji|[quei]|ra
canjiquinha	nome feminino	can|ji|[qui]|nha
canjirão	nome masculino	can|ji|[rão]
canjonjar	verbo	can|jon|[jar]
canjurupi	nome masculino	can|ju|ru|[pi]
