caranaí	nome feminino	ca|ra|na|[í]
caranaibense	adjetivo	ca|ra|nai|[ben]|se
caranaibense	nome masculino	ca|ra|nai|[ben]|se
caranaibense	nome feminino	ca|ra|nai|[ben]|se
carancho	nome masculino	ca|[ran]|cho
caranchona	nome feminino	ca|ran|[cho]|na
caranço	nome masculino	ca|[ran]|ço
carançudo	adjetivo	ca|ran|[çu]|do
carandá	nome masculino	ca|ran|[dá]
caranda	nome feminino	ca|[ran]|da
carandaí	nome masculino	ca|ran|da|[í]
carandaiense	adjetivo	ca|ran|dai|[en]|se
carandaiense	nome masculino	ca|ran|dai|[en]|se
carandaiense	nome feminino	ca|ran|dai|[en]|se
carandazal	nome masculino	ca|ran|da|[zal]
carandeira	nome feminino	ca|ran|[dei]|ra
carandeu	adjetivo	ca|ran|[deu]
carandeu	nome masculino	ca|ran|[deu]
caranga	nome feminino	ca|[ran]|ga
caranga	nome masculino	ca|[ran]|ga
caranganho	nome masculino	ca|ran|[ga]|nho
carangar	verbo	ca|ran|[gar]
carângida	nome masculino	ca|[rân]|gi|da
carangídeo	nome masculino	ca|ran|[gí]|de|o
carangídeo	nome masculino	ca|ran|[gí]|de|o
carangídeo	adjetivo	ca|ran|[gí]|de|o
carango	nome masculino	ca|[ran]|go
carangonço	nome masculino	ca|ran|[gon]|ço
carangueja	nome feminino	ca|ran|[gue]|ja
caranguejal	adjetivo	ca|ran|gue|[jal]
caranguejalmente	advérbio	ca|ran|gue|jal|[men]|te
caranguejar	verbo	ca|ran|gue|[jar]
caranguejeira	nome feminino	ca|ran|gue|[jei]|ra
caranguejeiro	nome masculino	ca|ran|gue|[jei]|ro
caranguejo	nome masculino	ca|ran|[gue]|jo
caranguejola	nome feminino	ca|ran|gue|[jo]|la
caranguejolar	verbo	ca|ran|gue|jo|[lar]
caranha	nome feminino	ca|[ra]|nha
caranho-vermelho	nome masculino	ca|ra|nho-ver|[me]|lho
carano	nome masculino	ca|[ra]|no
carantonha	nome feminino	ca|ran|[to]|nha
carantonhar	verbo	ca|ran|to|[nhar]
carântulas	nome feminino	ca|[rân]|tu|las
carão	nome masculino	ca|[rão]
caraó	nome masculino	ca|ra|[ó]
caraó	nome feminino	ca|ra|[ó]
carão-de-moça	nome masculino	ca|rão-de-mo|ça
caraolho	adjetivo	ca|ra|[o]|lho
carapa	nome feminino	ca|[ra]|pa
carapaça	nome feminino	ca|ra|[pa]|ça
carapanã	nome masculino	ca|ra|pa|[nã]
carapanaúba	nome feminino	ca|ra|pa|na|[ú]|ba
carapanho	nome masculino	ca|ra|[pa]|nho
carapanta	nome feminino	ca|ra|[pan]|ta
caraparu	nome masculino	ca|ra|pa|[ru]
carapate	nome masculino	ca|ra|[pa]|te
carapateiro	nome masculino	ca|ra|pa|[tei]|ro
carapau	nome masculino	ca|ra|[pau]
carapeba	nome feminino	ca|ra|[pe]|ba
carapeirana	nome feminino	ca|ra|pei|[ra]|na
carapela	nome feminino	ca|ra|[pe]|la
carapeta	nome feminino	ca|ra|[pe]|ta
carapetal	nome masculino	ca|ra|pe|[tal]
carapetão	nome masculino	ca|ra|pe|[tão]
carapetar	verbo	ca|ra|pe|[tar]
carapeteira	nome feminino	ca|ra|pe|[tei]|ra
carapeteiro	adjetivo	ca|ra|pe|[tei]|ro
carapeteiro	nome masculino	ca|ra|pe|[tei]|ro
carapeto	nome masculino	ca|ra|[pe]|to
carapiá	nome feminino	ca|ra|pi|[á]
carapicu	nome masculino	ca|ra|pi|[cu]
carapim	nome masculino	ca|ra|[pim]
carapina	nome masculino	ca|ra|[pi]|na
carapina	nome feminino	ca|ra|[pi]|na
carapinha	nome feminino	ca|ra|[pi]|nha
carapinhada	nome feminino	ca|ra|pi|[nha]|da
carapinhé	nome masculino	ca|ra|pi|[nhé]
carapinheira	nome feminino	ca|ra|pi|[nhei]|ra
carapinheira	adjetivo	ca|ra|pi|[nhei]|ra
carapinho	adjetivo	ca|ra|[pi]|nho
carapinhudo	adjetivo	ca|ra|pi|[nhu]|do
carapito	nome masculino	ca|ra|[pi]|to
carapó	nome masculino	ca|ra|[pó]
carapobeba	nome feminino	ca|ra|po|[be]|ba
carapuça	nome feminino	ca|ra|[pu]|ça
carapuçada	nome feminino	ca|ra|pu|[ça]|da
carapuçado	adjetivo	ca|ra|pu|[ça]|do
carapução	nome masculino	ca|ra|pu|[ção]
carapuceiro	nome masculino	ca|ra|pu|[cei]|ro
carapuço	nome masculino	ca|ra|[pu]|ço
carapula	nome feminino	ca|ra|[pu]|la
carapulo	nome masculino	ca|ra|[pu]|lo
caraquenha	nome feminino	ca|ra|[que]|nha
caraquenho	nome masculino	ca|ra|[que]|nho
caraquenho	adjetivo	ca|ra|[que]|nho
carará	nome masculino	ca|ra|[rá]
carássio	nome masculino	ca|[rás]|si|o
carataí	nome masculino	ca|ra|ta|[í]
caratê	nome masculino	ca|ra|[tê]
caraté	nome masculino	ca|ra|[té]
