caroé	nome masculino	ca|ro|[é]
carófita	nome feminino	ca|[ró]|fi|ta
carola	nome feminino	ca|[ro]|la
carola	nome masculino	ca|[ro]|la
carola	adjetivo	ca|[ro]|la
carolada	nome feminino	ca|ro|[la]|da
carolice	nome feminino	ca|ro|[li]|ce
carolim	nome masculino	ca|ro|[lim]
carolina	nome feminino	ca|ro|[li]|na
carolinense	adjetivo	ca|ro|li|[nen]|se
carolinense	nome masculino	ca|ro|li|[nen]|se
carolinense	nome feminino	ca|ro|li|[nen]|se
carolíngio	adjetivo	ca|ro|[lín]|gi|o
carolino	adjetivo	ca|ro|[li]|no
carolino	nome masculino	ca|ro|[li]|no
carolismo	nome masculino	ca|ro|[lis]|mo
carolo	nome masculino	ca|[ro]|lo
carona	nome feminino	ca|[ro]|na
carona	nome masculino	ca|[ro]|na
caronaço	nome masculino	ca|ro|[na]|ço
caronada	nome feminino	ca|ro|[na]|da
caronear	verbo	ca|ro|ne|[ar]
caropa	nome feminino	ca|[ro]|pa
carote	adjetivo	ca|[ro]|te
caroteno	nome masculino	ca|ro|[te]|no
carotenoide	nome masculino	ca|ro|te|[noi]|de
carótico	adjetivo	ca|[ró]|ti|co
carótida	nome feminino	ca|[ró]|ti|da
carótide	nome feminino	ca|[ró]|ti|de
carotídeo	adjetivo	ca|ro|[tí]|de|o
carotidiano	adjetivo	ca|ro|ti|di|[a]|no
carotina	nome feminino	ca|ro|[ti]|na
carotinemia	nome feminino	ca|ro|ti|ne|[mi]|a
carpa	nome feminino	[car]|pa
carpaccio	nome masculino	car|pac|[ci]|o
carpal	adjetivo	car|[pal]
carpanel	nome masculino	car|pa|[nel]
carpanta	nome feminino	car|[pan]|ta
carpanto	nome masculino	car|[pan]|to
carpar	verbo	car|[par]
carpático	adjetivo	car|[pá]|ti|co
carpático	nome masculino	car|[pá]|ti|co
carpátio	adjetivo	car|[pá]|ti|o
carpátio	nome masculino	car|[pá]|ti|o
carpeada	nome feminino	car|pe|[a]|da
carpeadela	nome feminino	car|pe|a|[de]|la
carpeador	nome masculino	car|pe|a|[dor]
carpeadura	nome feminino	car|pe|a|[du]|ra
carpear	verbo	car|pe|[ar]
carpectomia	nome feminino	car|pec|to|[mi]|a
carpectômico	adjetivo	car|pec|[tô]|mi|co
carpectómico	adjetivo	car|pec|[tó]|mi|co
carpela	nome feminino	car|[pe]|la
carpelar	verbo	car|pe|[lar]
carpelar	adjetivo	car|pe|[lar]
carpelo	nome masculino	car|[pe]|lo
carpento	nome masculino	car|[pen]|to
cárpeo	adjetivo	[cár]|pe|o
carpeta	nome feminino	car|[pe]|ta
carpetado	adjetivo	car|pe|[ta]|do
carpetano	adjetivo	car|pe|[ta]|no
carpetano	nome masculino	car|pe|[ta]|no
carpetar	verbo	car|pe|[tar]
carpete	nome feminino	car|[pe]|te
carpetear	verbo	car|pe|te|[ar]
carpiano	adjetivo	car|pi|[a]|no
carpição	nome feminino	car|pi|[ção]
cárpico	adjetivo	[cár]|pi|co
carpideira	nome feminino	car|pi|[dei]|ra
carpido	nome masculino	car|[pi]|do
carpido	adjetivo	car|[pi]|do
carpidor	adjetivo	car|pi|[dor]
carpidor	nome masculino	car|pi|[dor]
carpidura	nome feminino	car|pi|[du]|ra
carpim	nome masculino	car|[pim]
carpimento	nome masculino	car|pi|[men]|to
carpino	nome masculino	car|[pi]|no
carpintaria	nome feminino	car|pin|ta|[ri]|a
carpinteiração	nome feminino	car|pin|tei|ra|[ção]
carpinteiragem	nome feminino	car|pin|tei|[ra]|gem
carpinteirar	verbo	car|pin|tei|[rar]
carpinteiro	nome masculino	car|pin|[tei]|ro
carpintejar	verbo	car|pin|te|[jar]
carpinzeira	nome feminino	car|pin|[zei]|ra
carpir	verbo	car|[pir]
carpo	nome masculino	[car]|po
carpobálsamo	nome masculino	car|po|[bál]|sa|mo
carpóbolo	nome masculino	car|[pó]|bo|lo
carpócero	nome masculino	car|[pó]|ce|ro
carpocraciano	adjetivo	car|po|cra|ci|[a]|no
carpocraciano	nome masculino	car|po|cra|ci|[a]|no
carpofagia	nome feminino	car|po|fa|[gi]|a
carpófago	adjetivo	car|[pó]|fa|go
carpófago	nome masculino	car|[pó]|fa|go
carpofilo	nome masculino	car|po|[fi]|lo
carpófilo	adjetivo	car|[pó]|fi|lo
carpóforo	nome masculino	car|[pó]|fo|ro
carpogênese	nome feminino	car|po|[gê]|ne|se
carpogénese	nome feminino	car|po|[gé]|ne|se
carpogenésico	adjetivo	car|po|ge|[né]|si|co
