carpogenético	adjetivo	car|po|ge|[né]|ti|co
carpogônio	nome masculino	car|po|[gô]|ni|o
carpogónio	nome masculino	car|po|[gó]|ni|o
carpólito	nome masculino	car|[pó]|li|to
carpologia	nome feminino	car|po|lo|[gi]|a
carpológico	adjetivo	car|po|[ló]|gi|co
carpologista	nome masculino	car|po|lo|[gis]|ta
carpologista	nome feminino	car|po|lo|[gis]|ta
carpólogo	nome masculino	car|[pó]|lo|go
carpomania	nome feminino	car|po|ma|[ni]|a
carpomorfo	adjetivo	car|po|[mor]|fo
carpósporo	nome masculino	car|[pós]|po|ro
carptor	nome masculino	carp|[tor]
carqueja	nome feminino	car|[que]|ja
carquejal	nome masculino	car|que|[jal]
carquejar	verbo	car|que|[jar]
carquejeira	nome feminino	car|que|[jei]|ra
carquejeiro	nome masculino	car|que|[jei]|ro
carquilha	nome feminino	car|[qui]|lha
carrabouça	nome feminino	car|ra|[bou]|ça
carrabouçal	nome masculino	car|ra|bou|[çal]
carraca	nome feminino	car|[ra]|ca
carraça	nome feminino	car|[ra]|ça
carração	nome masculino	car|ra|[ção]
carraçaria	nome feminino	car|ra|ça|[ri]|a
carraceira	nome feminino	car|ra|[cei]|ra
carraceno	adjetivo	car|ra|[ce]|no
carracha	nome feminino	car|[ra]|cha
carrachinha	nome feminino	car|ra|[chi]|nha
carracho	nome masculino	car|[ra]|cho
carrachola	nome feminino	car|ra|[cho]|la
carracismo	nome masculino	car|ra|[cis]|mo
carraço	nome masculino	car|[ra]|ço
carrada	nome feminino	car|[ra]|da
carrajó	nome masculino	car|ra|[jó]
carral	adjetivo	car|[ral]
carrança	adjetivo	car|[ran]|ça
carrança	nome masculino	car|[ran]|ça
carranca	nome feminino	car|[ran]|ca
carrança	nome feminino	car|[ran]|ça
carrancada	nome feminino	car|ran|[ca]|da
carranchas	nome feminino	car|[ran]|chas
carranchinhas	nome feminino	car|ran|[chi]|nhas
carrancho	nome masculino	car|[ran]|cho
carrancholas	nome feminino	car|ran|[cho]|las
carrancismo	nome masculino	car|ran|[cis]|mo
carrancudamente	advérbio	car|ran|cu|da|[men]|te
carrancudo	adjetivo	car|ran|[cu]|do
carranha	nome feminino	car|[ra]|nha
carranhoso	adjetivo	car|ra|[nho]|so
carranquear	verbo	car|ran|que|[ar]
carrão	nome masculino	car|[rão]
carrapata	nome feminino	car|ra|[pa]|ta
carrapatal	nome masculino	car|ra|pa|[tal]
carrapate	nome masculino	car|ra|[pa]|te
carrapatear	verbo	car|ra|pa|te|[ar]
carrapateira	nome feminino	car|ra|pa|[tei]|ra
carrapateiro	nome masculino	car|ra|pa|[tei]|ro
carrapateiro	adjetivo	car|ra|pa|[tei]|ro
carrapaticida	adjetivo	car|ra|pa|ti|[ci]|da
carrapaticida	nome masculino	car|ra|pa|ti|[ci]|da
carrapato	nome masculino	car|ra|[pa]|to
carrapeta	nome feminino	car|ra|[pe]|ta
carrapeto	nome masculino	car|ra|[pe]|to
carrapicheiro	nome masculino	car|ra|pi|[chei]|ro
carrapichinho	nome masculino	car|ra|pi|[chi]|nho
carrapicho	nome masculino	car|ra|[pi]|cho
carrapiço	nome masculino	car|ra|[pi]|ço
carrapita	nome feminino	car|ra|[pi]|ta
carrapitano	adjetivo	car|ra|pi|[ta]|no
carrapitas	nome feminino	car|ra|[pi]|tas
carrapito	nome masculino	car|ra|[pi]|to
carrar	verbo	car|[rar]
carrara	nome masculino	car|[ra]|ra
carrarense	nome masculino	car|ra|[ren]|se
carrarense	adjetivo	car|ra|[ren]|se
carrarense	nome feminino	car|ra|[ren]|se
carraria	nome feminino	car|ra|[ri]|a
carrasca	nome feminino	car|[ras]|ca
carrascal	nome masculino	car|ras|[cal]
carrascão	adjetivo	car|ras|[cão]
carrascão	nome masculino	car|ras|[cão]
carrascaria	nome feminino	car|ras|ca|[ri]|a
carrasco	nome masculino	car|[ras]|co
carrascoso	adjetivo	car|ras|[co]|so
carraspana	nome feminino	car|ras|[pa]|na
carraspeira	nome feminino	car|ras|[pei]|ra
carraspuda	adjetivo	car|ras|[pu]|da
carrasqueira	nome feminino	car|ras|[quei]|ra
carrasqueiral	nome masculino	car|ras|quei|[ral]
carrasqueiro	nome masculino	car|ras|[quei]|ro
carrasquenha	nome feminino	car|ras|[que]|nha
carrasquenho	adjetivo	car|ras|[que]|nho
carrasquento	adjetivo	car|ras|[quen]|to
carrasquinha	nome feminino	car|ras|[qui]|nha
carrasquinho	adjetivo	car|ras|[qui]|nho
carrazedense	nome masculino	car|ra|ze|[den]|se
carrazedense	adjetivo	car|ra|ze|[den]|se
carrazedense	nome feminino	car|ra|ze|[den]|se
carré	nome masculino	car|[ré]
