cartista	nome masculino	car|[tis]|ta
cartista	nome feminino	car|[tis]|ta
cartódromo	nome masculino	car|[tó]|dro|mo
cartógrafa	nome feminino	car|[tó]|gra|fa
cartografar	verbo	car|to|gra|[far]
cartografia	nome feminino	car|to|gra|[fi]|a
cartográfico	adjetivo	car|to|[grá]|fi|co
cartógrafo	nome masculino	car|[tó]|gra|fo
cartograma	nome masculino	car|to|[gra]|ma
cartola	nome feminino	car|[to]|la
cartola	nome masculino	car|[to]|la
cartolaço	nome masculino	car|to|[la]|ço
cartolada	nome feminino	car|to|[la]|da
cartolina	nome feminino	car|to|[li]|na
cartologia	nome feminino	car|to|lo|[gi]|a
cartológico	adjetivo	car|to|[ló]|gi|co
cartólogo	nome masculino	car|[tó]|lo|go
cartomancia	nome feminino	car|to|man|[ci]|a
cartomante	adjetivo	car|to|[man]|te
cartomante	nome masculino	car|to|[man]|te
cartomante	nome feminino	car|to|[man]|te
cartomântico	adjetivo	car|to|[mân]|ti|co
cartonado	adjetivo	car|to|[na]|do
cartonador	nome masculino	car|to|na|[dor]
cartonageiro	nome masculino	car|to|na|[gei]|ro
cartonagem	nome feminino	car|to|[na]|gem
cartonar	verbo	car|to|[nar]
cartoon	nome masculino	car|toon
cartoonista	nome masculino	car|too|nis|ta
cartoonista	nome feminino	car|too|nis|ta
cartorário	nome masculino	car|to|[rá]|ri|o
cartorário	adjetivo	car|to|[rá]|ri|o
cartorial	adjetivo	car|to|ri|[al]
cartório	nome masculino	car|[tó]|ri|o
cartorista	adjetivo	car|to|[ris]|ta
cartoteca	nome feminino	car|to|[te]|ca
cartuchame	nome masculino	car|tu|[cha]|me
cartucheira	nome feminino	car|tu|[chei]|ra
cartucheiro	nome masculino	car|tu|[chei]|ro
cartucho	nome masculino	car|[tu]|cho
cartucho	adjetivo	car|[tu]|cho
cártula	nome feminino	[cár]|tu|la
cartulário	nome masculino	car|tu|[lá]|ri|o
cartulinho	nome masculino	car|tu|[li]|nho
cartum	nome masculino	car|[tum]
cartune	nome masculino	car|[tu]|ne
cartunista	nome masculino	car|tu|[nis]|ta
cartunista	nome feminino	car|tu|[nis]|ta
cartusiano	adjetivo	car|tu|si|[a]|no
cartusiano	nome masculino	car|tu|si|[a]|no
cartuxa	nome feminino	car|[tu]|xa
cartuxo	adjetivo	car|[tu]|xo
cartuxo	nome masculino	car|[tu]|xo
caruana	nome feminino	ca|ru|[a]|na
caruara	nome feminino	ca|ru|[a]|ra
caruaru	nome masculino	ca|ru|a|[ru]
carugem	nome feminino	ca|[ru]|gem
carugento	adjetivo	ca|ru|[gen]|to
caruja	nome feminino	ca|[ru]|ja
carujar	verbo	ca|ru|[jar]
carujeira	nome feminino	ca|ru|[jei]|ra
carujeiro	nome masculino	ca|ru|[jei]|ro
carujo	nome masculino	ca|[ru]|jo
caruma	nome feminino	ca|[ru]|ma
carumba	nome feminino	ca|[rum]|ba
carumbamba	nome feminino	ca|rum|[bam]|ba
carumbé	nome masculino	ca|rum|[bé]
carumeira	nome feminino	ca|ru|[mei]|ra
carunchar	verbo	ca|run|[char]
carunchento	adjetivo	ca|run|[chen]|to
caruncho	nome masculino	ca|[run]|cho
carunchoso	adjetivo	ca|run|[cho]|so
carúncula	nome feminino	ca|[rún]|cu|la
carunculoso	adjetivo	ca|run|cu|[lo]|so
carunha	nome feminino	ca|[ru]|nha
carunjo	nome masculino	ca|[run]|jo
caruru	nome masculino	ca|ru|[ru]
caruruguaçu	nome masculino	ca|ru|ru|gua|[çu]
cárus	nome masculino	[cá]|rus
carus	nome masculino	ca|[rus]
carusma	nome feminino	ca|[rus]|ma
caruto	nome masculino	ca|[ru]|to
carvalha	nome feminino	car|[va]|lha
carvalha	adjetivo	car|[va]|lha
carvalhal	adjetivo	car|va|[lhal]
carvalhal	nome masculino	car|va|[lhal]
carvalheira	nome feminino	car|va|[lhei]|ra
carvalheiro	nome masculino	car|va|[lhei]|ro
carvalhiça	nome feminino	car|va|[lhi]|ça
carvalhiço	nome masculino	car|va|[lhi]|ço
carvalhido	nome masculino	car|va|[lhi]|do
carvalhinha	nome feminino	car|va|[lhi]|nha
carvalho	nome masculino	car|[va]|lho
carvalho-lusitano	nome masculino	car|va|lho-lu|si|[ta]|no
carvalho-português	nome masculino	car|va|lho-por|tu|[guês]
carvanito	nome masculino	car|va|[ni]|to
carvão	nome masculino	car|[vão]
carviz	nome masculino	car|[viz]
carvoaria	nome feminino	car|vo|a|[ri]|a
carvoeira	nome feminino	car|vo|[ei]|ra
