cascar	verbo	cas|[car]
cáscara	nome feminino	[cás]|ca|ra
cáscara-sagrada	nome feminino	cás|ca|ra-sa|[gra]|da
cascareja	nome feminino	cas|ca|[re]|ja
cascarejo	nome masculino	cas|ca|[re]|jo
cascarejo	adjetivo	cas|ca|[re]|jo
cascaria	nome feminino	cas|ca|[ri]|a
cascarilha	nome feminino	cas|ca|[ri]|lha
cascarina	nome feminino	cas|ca|[ri]|na
cascarna	nome feminino	cas|[car]|na
cascarnoso	adjetivo	cas|car|[no]|so
cascaroso	adjetivo	cas|ca|[ro]|so
cascarra	nome feminino	cas|[car]|ra
cascarrão	nome masculino	cas|car|[rão]
cascarria	nome feminino	cas|car|[ri]|a
cascarrilha	nome feminino	cas|car|[ri]|lha
cascarrolho	nome masculino	cas|car|[ro]|lho
cascata	nome feminino	cas|[ca]|ta
cascatar	verbo	cas|ca|[tar]
cascateante	adjetivo	cas|ca|te|[an]|te
cascatear	verbo	cas|ca|te|[ar]
cascavel	nome feminino	cas|ca|[vel]
cascavel	nome masculino	cas|ca|[vel]
cascavel	adjetivo	cas|ca|[vel]
cascavelar	verbo	cas|ca|ve|[lar]
cascaveleira	nome feminino	cas|ca|ve|[lei]|ra
cascavelense	adjetivo	cas|ca|ve|[len]|se
cascavelense	nome masculino	cas|ca|ve|[len]|se
cascavelense	nome feminino	cas|ca|ve|[len]|se
cascavilhar	verbo	cas|ca|vi|[lhar]
casco	nome masculino	[cas]|co
cascol	nome masculino	cas|[col]
cascoso	adjetivo	cas|[co]|so
cascudo	nome masculino	cas|[cu]|do
cascudo	adjetivo	cas|[cu]|do
casculho	nome masculino	cas|[cu]|lho
case-study	nome masculino	ca|se-stu|dy
caseação	nome feminino	ca|se|a|[ção]
caseadeira	nome feminino	ca|se|a|[dei]|ra
caseado	nome masculino	ca|se|[a]|do
caseado	adjetivo	ca|se|[a]|do
casear	verbo	ca|se|[ar]
casease	nome feminino	ca|se|[a]|se
casebeque	nome masculino	ca|se|[be]|que
casebre	nome masculino	ca|[se]|bre
caseificação	nome feminino	ca|sei|fi|ca|[ção]
caseificar	verbo	ca|sei|fi|[car]
caseiforme	adjetivo	ca|sei|[for]|me
caseína	nome feminino	ca|se|[í]|na
caseinato	nome masculino	ca|sei|[na]|to
caseínico	adjetivo	ca|se|[í]|ni|co
caseinogénico	adjetivo	ca|sei|no|[gé]|ni|co
caseinogênico	adjetivo	ca|sei|no|[gê]|ni|co
caseinogênio	nome masculino	ca|sei|no|[gê]|ni|o
caseinogénio	nome masculino	ca|sei|no|[gé]|ni|o
caseira	nome feminino	ca|[sei]|ra
caseiro	nome masculino	ca|[sei]|ro
caseiro	adjetivo	ca|[sei]|ro
caseogênio	nome masculino	ca|se|o|[gê]|ni|o
caseogénio	nome masculino	ca|se|o|[gé]|ni|o
caseoso	adjetivo	ca|se|[o]|so
caserna	nome feminino	ca|[ser]|na
casernal	adjetivo	ca|ser|[nal]
casernaria	nome feminino	ca|ser|na|[ri]|a
caserneiral	adjetivo	ca|ser|nei|[ral]
caserneiro	adjetivo	ca|ser|[nei]|ro
caserneiro	nome masculino	ca|ser|[nei]|ro
cash	nome masculino	[cash]
cash-and-carry	nome masculino	cash-and-car|ry
cash-flow	nome masculino	[cash-flow]
cási	advérbio	[cá]|si
casibeque	nome masculino	ca|si|[be]|que
cásico	adjetivo	[cá]|si|co
cásico	nome masculino	[cá]|si|co
casificação	nome feminino	ca|si|fi|ca|[ção]
casificar	verbo	ca|si|fi|[car]
casimira	nome feminino	ca|si|[mi]|ra
casimireta	nome feminino	ca|si|mi|[re]|ta
casinate	adjetivo	ca|si|[na]|te
casinate	nome masculino	ca|si|[na]|te
casinate	nome feminino	ca|si|[na]|te
casinha	nome feminino	ca|[si]|nha
casinhola	nome feminino	ca|si|[nho]|la
casinholo	nome masculino	ca|si|[nho]|lo
casinhota	nome feminino	ca|si|[nho]|ta
casinhoto	nome masculino	ca|si|[nho]|to
casino	nome masculino	ca|[si]|no
cásio	adjetivo	[cá]|si|o
cásio	nome masculino	[cá]|si|o
casitéu	nome masculino	ca|si|[téu]
casmurra	nome feminino	cas|[mur]|ra
casmurrada	nome feminino	cas|mur|[ra]|da
casmurral	adjetivo	cas|mur|[ral]
casmurrar	verbo	cas|mur|[rar]
casmurrice	nome feminino	cas|mur|[ri]|ce
casmurro	adjetivo	cas|[mur]|ro
casmurro	nome masculino	cas|[mur]|ro
caso	nome masculino	[ca]|so
caso	conjunção	[ca]|so
casola	nome feminino	ca|[so]|la
