casório	nome masculino	ca|[só]|ri|o
casota	nome feminino	ca|[so]|ta
casoto	nome masculino	ca|[so]|to
caspa	nome feminino	[cas]|pa
caspacho	nome masculino	cas|[pa]|cho
casparra	nome feminino	cas|[par]|ra
caspeira	nome feminino	cas|[pei]|ra
caspento	adjetivo	cas|[pen]|to
caspíada	adjetivo	cas|[pí]|a|da
caspíada	nome masculino	cas|[pí]|a|da
caspíada	nome feminino	cas|[pí]|a|da
caspiano	adjetivo	cas|pi|[a]|no
caspiano	nome masculino	cas|pi|[a]|no
caspilra	nome feminino	cas|[pil]|ra
cáspio	adjetivo	[cás]|pi|o
cáspite	interjeição	[cás]|pi|te
casposo	adjetivo	cas|[po]|so
casquear	verbo	cas|que|[ar]
casqueira	nome feminino	cas|[quei]|ra
casqueiro	nome masculino	cas|[quei]|ro
casquejar	verbo	cas|que|[jar]
casquento	adjetivo	cas|[quen]|to
casqueta	nome feminino	cas|[que]|ta
casquete	nome masculino	cas|[que]|te
casquibrando	adjetivo	cas|qui|[bran]|do
casquicheio	adjetivo	cas|qui|[chei]|o
casquilha	nome feminino	cas|[qui]|lha
casquilhada	nome feminino	cas|qui|[lha]|da
casquilhagem	nome feminino	cas|qui|[lha]|gem
casquilhar	verbo	cas|qui|[lhar]
casquilharia	nome feminino	cas|qui|lha|[ri]|a
casquilheira	nome feminino	cas|qui|[lhei]|ra
casquilhice	nome feminino	cas|qui|[lhi]|ce
casquilho	adjetivo	cas|[qui]|lho
casquilho	nome masculino	cas|[qui]|lho
casquimole	adjetivo	cas|qui|[mo]|le
casquinada	nome feminino	cas|qui|[na]|da
casquinador	adjetivo	cas|qui|na|[dor]
casquinador	nome masculino	cas|qui|na|[dor]
casquinar	verbo	cas|qui|[nar]
casquinha	nome feminino	cas|[qui]|nha
casquinheiro	nome masculino	cas|qui|[nhei]|ro
casquinho	adjetivo	cas|[qui]|nho
casquisseco	adjetivo	cas|quis|[se]|co
cassa	nome feminino	[cas]|sa
cassabé	nome masculino	cas|sa|[bé]
cassação	nome feminino	cas|sa|[ção]
cassadia	nome feminino	cas|sa|[di]|a
cassandra	nome feminino	cas|[san]|dra
cassandrense	adjetivo	cas|san|[dren]|se
cassandrense	nome masculino	cas|san|[dren]|se
cassandrense	nome feminino	cas|san|[dren]|se
cassanga	adjetivo	cas|[san]|ga
cassanga	nome masculino	cas|[san]|ga
cassanga	nome feminino	cas|[san]|ga
cassanje	adjetivo	cas|[san]|je
cassanje	nome masculino	cas|[san]|je
cassanje	nome feminino	cas|[san]|je
cassar	verbo	cas|[sar]
cassata	nome feminino	cas|[sa]|ta
casse	nome masculino	[cas]|se
cassear	verbo	cas|se|[ar]
cassenje	adjetivo	cas|[sen]|je
cassenje	nome masculino	cas|[sen]|je
cassenje	nome feminino	cas|[sen]|je
cassequé	nome masculino	cas|se|[qué]
cassete	nome feminino	cas|[se]|te
cassetete	nome masculino	cas|se|[te]|te
cássia	nome feminino	[cás]|si|a
cassia	nome feminino	cas|[si]|a
cássia-branca	nome feminino	cás|si|a-bran|ca
cassiácea	nome feminino	cas|si|[á]|ce|a
cassiafístula	nome feminino	cas|si|a|[fís]|tu|la
cassico	nome masculino	cas|[si]|co
cássida	nome feminino	[cás]|si|da
cassidário	nome masculino	cas|si|[dá]|ri|o
cassídida	nome masculino	cas|[sí]|di|da
cassídida	nome masculino	cas|[sí]|di|da
cassidídeo	nome masculino	cas|si|[dí]|de|o
cassidídeo	nome masculino	cas|si|[dí]|de|o
cassidónia	nome feminino	cas|si|[dó]|ni|a
cassidônia	nome feminino	cas|si|[dô]|ni|a
cassidulina	nome feminino	cas|si|du|[li]|na
cassídulo	nome masculino	cas|[sí]|du|lo
cassina	nome feminino	cas|[si]|na
cassineta	nome feminino	cas|si|[ne]|ta
cassínia	nome feminino	cas|[sí]|ni|a
cassino	nome masculino	cas|[si]|no
cassiopeu	adjetivo	cas|si|o|[peu]
cassiopeu	nome masculino	cas|si|o|[peu]
cassiópico	adjetivo	cas|si|[ó]|pi|co
cassiópico	nome masculino	cas|si|[ó]|pi|co
cassiópio	nome masculino	cas|si|[ó]|pi|o
cassique	nome masculino	cas|[si]|que
cássis	nome masculino	[cás]|sis
cassiterita	nome feminino	cas|si|te|[ri]|ta
cassiterite	nome feminino	cas|si|te|[ri]|te
casso	adjetivo	[cas]|so
casso	nome masculino	[cas]|so
cassoa	nome feminino	cas|[so]|a
