catabatista	nome feminino	ca|ta|ba|[tis]|ta
catabólico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[bó]|li|co
catabolismo	nome masculino	ca|ta|bo|[lis]|mo
catabólito	nome masculino	ca|ta|[bó]|li|to
catabolito	nome masculino	ca|ta|bo|[li]|to
catabolizar	verbo	ca|ta|bo|li|[zar]
catacáustica	nome feminino	ca|ta|[cáus]|ti|ca
catacáustico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[cáus]|ti|co
catacego	adjetivo	ca|ta|[ce]|go
catáclase	nome feminino	ca|[tá]|cla|se
cataclasia	nome feminino	ca|ta|cla|[si]|a
cataclasito	nome masculino	ca|ta|cla|[si]|to
cataclástico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[clás]|ti|co
cataclísmico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[clís]|mi|co
cataclismo	nome masculino	ca|ta|[clis]|mo
cataclismologia	nome feminino	ca|ta|clis|mo|lo|[gi]|a
cataclismológico	adjetivo	ca|ta|clis|mo|[ló]|gi|co
catacrese	nome feminino	ca|ta|[cre]|se
catacréstico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[crés]|ti|co
catacumba	nome feminino	ca|ta|[cum]|ba
catacumbal	adjetivo	ca|ta|cum|[bal]
catacus	nome masculino	ca|ta|[cus]
catacústica	nome feminino	ca|ta|[cús]|ti|ca
catacústico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[cús]|ti|co
catadeira	nome feminino	ca|ta|[dei]|ra
catadióptrica	nome feminino	ca|ta|di|[óp]|tri|ca
catadióptrico	adjetivo	ca|ta|di|[óp]|tri|co
catador	nome masculino	ca|ta|[dor]
catádromo	nome masculino	ca|[tá]|dro|mo
catadupa	nome feminino	ca|ta|[du]|pa
catadupejar	verbo	ca|ta|du|pe|[jar]
catadupo	adjetivo	ca|ta|[du]|po
catadupo	nome masculino	ca|ta|[du]|po
catadura	nome feminino	ca|ta|[du]|ra
catafalco	nome masculino	ca|ta|[fal]|co
catafasia	nome feminino	ca|ta|fa|[si]|a
catafásico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[fá]|si|co
catafático	adjetivo	ca|ta|[fá]|ti|co
catafeder	verbo	ca|ta|fe|[der]
catafelho	nome masculino	ca|ta|[fe]|lho
catafiláctico	adjetivo	ca|ta|fi|[lác]|ti|co
catafilático	adjetivo	ca|ta|fi|[lá]|ti|co
catafilaxia	nome feminino	ca|ta|fi|la|[xi]|a
catafonia	nome feminino	ca|ta|fo|[ni]|a
catafónica	nome feminino	ca|ta|[fó]|ni|ca
catafônica	nome feminino	ca|ta|[fô]|ni|ca
catafônico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[fô]|ni|co
catafónico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[fó]|ni|co
catáfora	nome feminino	ca|[tá]|fo|ra
cataforese	nome feminino	ca|ta|fo|[re]|se
cataforético	adjetivo	ca|ta|fo|[ré]|ti|co
catafórico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[fó]|ri|co
catafracta	nome feminino	ca|ta|[frac]|ta
catafractário	adjetivo	ca|ta|frac|[tá]|ri|o
catafractário	nome masculino	ca|ta|frac|[tá]|ri|o
catafrígio	adjetivo	ca|ta|[frí]|gi|o
catafrígio	nome masculino	ca|ta|[frí]|gi|o
catagénese	nome feminino	ca|ta|[gé]|ne|se
catagênese	nome feminino	ca|ta|[gê]|ne|se
catagenésico	adjetivo	ca|ta|ge|[né]|si|co
catagenético	adjetivo	ca|ta|ge|[né]|ti|co
cataglóssio	nome masculino	ca|ta|[glós]|si|o
cataglosso	nome masculino	ca|ta|[glos]|so
cataglótico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[gló]|ti|co
cataglotismo	nome masculino	ca|ta|glo|[tis]|mo
catagmático	adjetivo	ca|tag|[má]|ti|co
cataguá	adjetivo	ca|ta|[guá]
cataguá	nome masculino	ca|ta|[guá]
cataguá	nome feminino	ca|ta|[guá]
cataia	nome feminino	ca|[tai]|a
catalã	nome feminino	ca|ta|[lã]
catalanesco	adjetivo	ca|ta|la|[nes]|co
catalânico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[lâ]|ni|co
catalanismo	nome masculino	ca|ta|la|[nis]|mo
catalanista	adjetivo	ca|ta|la|[nis]|ta
catalanista	nome masculino	ca|ta|la|[nis]|ta
catalanista	nome feminino	ca|ta|la|[nis]|ta
catalão	adjetivo	ca|ta|[lão]
catalão	nome masculino	ca|ta|[lão]
catálase	nome feminino	ca|[tá]|la|se
cataláunico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[láu]|ni|co
catalauno	adjetivo	ca|ta|[lau]|no
catalauno	nome masculino	ca|ta|[lau]|no
cataléctico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[léc]|ti|co
cataléctico	nome masculino	ca|ta|[léc]|ti|co
catalecto	nome masculino	ca|ta|[lec]|to
catalepsia	nome feminino	ca|ta|lep|[si]|a
cataléptica	nome feminino	ca|ta|[lép]|ti|ca
cataléptico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[lép]|ti|co
cataléptico	nome masculino	ca|ta|[lép]|ti|co
catalético	adjetivo	ca|ta|[lé]|ti|co
catalético	nome masculino	ca|ta|[lé]|ti|co
cataleto	nome masculino	ca|ta|[le]|to
catalexe	nome feminino	ca|ta|[le]|xe
catalisação	nome feminino	ca|ta|li|sa|[ção]
catalisador	nome masculino	ca|ta|li|sa|[dor]
catalisador	adjetivo	ca|ta|li|sa|[dor]
catalisar	verbo	ca|ta|li|[sar]
catálise	nome feminino	ca|[tá]|li|se
cataliticamente	advérbio	ca|ta|li|ti|ca|[men]|te
