catalítico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[lí]|ti|co
catalítico	nome masculino	ca|ta|[lí]|ti|co
cátalo	adjetivo	[cá]|ta|lo
cátalo	nome masculino	[cá]|ta|lo
catalogação	nome feminino	ca|ta|lo|ga|[ção]
catalogador	adjetivo	ca|ta|lo|ga|[dor]
catalogador	nome masculino	ca|ta|lo|ga|[dor]
catalogadora	nome feminino	ca|ta|lo|ga|[do]|ra
catalogal	adjetivo	ca|ta|lo|[gal]
catalogar	verbo	ca|ta|lo|[gar]
catalogizar	verbo	ca|ta|lo|gi|[zar]
catálogo	nome masculino	ca|[tá]|lo|go
catalografia	nome feminino	ca|ta|lo|gra|[fi]|a
catalográfico	adjetivo	ca|ta|lo|[grá]|fi|co
catalpa	nome feminino	ca|[tal]|pa
cataluna	nome feminino	ca|ta|[lu]|na
catamarã	nome masculino	ca|ta|ma|[rã]
catamaran	nome masculino	ca|ta|ma|ran
catambá	nome masculino	ca|tam|[bá]
catamenial	adjetivo	ca|ta|me|ni|[al]
catamênio	nome masculino	ca|ta|[mê]|ni|o
cataménio	nome masculino	ca|ta|[mé]|ni|o
catamento	nome masculino	ca|ta|[men]|to
catamito	nome masculino	ca|ta|[mi]|to
catamorfismo	nome masculino	ca|ta|mor|[fis]|mo
catana	nome feminino	ca|[ta]|na
catanada	nome feminino	ca|ta|[na]|da
catanar	verbo	ca|ta|[nar]
catanari	nome masculino	ca|ta|na|[ri]
catanduva	nome feminino	ca|tan|[du]|va
catanduval	nome masculino	ca|tan|du|[val]
catanear	verbo	ca|ta|ne|[ar]
catanga	nome feminino	ca|[tan]|ga
catanguera	nome feminino	ca|tan|[gue]|ra
catanguês	adjetivo	ca|tan|[guês]
catanguês	nome masculino	ca|tan|[guês]
catanguesa	nome feminino	ca|tan|[gue]|sa
catanhedense	adjetivo	ca|ta|nhe|[den]|se
catanhedense	nome masculino	ca|ta|nhe|[den]|se
catanhedense	nome feminino	ca|ta|nhe|[den]|se
catano	nome masculino	ca|[ta]|no
catão	nome masculino	ca|[tão]
catáone	adjetivo	ca|[tá]|o|ne
catáone	nome masculino	ca|[tá]|o|ne
catáone	nome feminino	ca|[tá]|o|ne
catapasma	nome masculino	ca|ta|[pas]|ma
catapereiro	nome masculino	ca|ta|pe|[rei]|ro
catapétalo	adjetivo	ca|ta|[pé]|ta|lo
cataplana	nome feminino	ca|ta|[pla]|na
cataplasma	nome feminino	ca|ta|[plas]|ma
cataplasmado	adjetivo	ca|ta|plas|[ma]|do
cataplasmar	verbo	ca|ta|plas|[mar]
catapléctico	adjetivo	ca|ta|[pléc]|ti|co
cataplético	adjetivo	ca|ta|[plé]|ti|co
cataplexia	nome feminino	ca|ta|ple|[xi]|a
cataporas	nome feminino	ca|ta|[po]|ras
cataptose	nome feminino	ca|tap|[to]|se
cataptótico	adjetivo	ca|tap|[tó]|ti|co
catapúcia	nome feminino	ca|ta|[pú]|ci|a
catapuia	adjetivo	ca|ta|[pui]|a
catapuia	nome masculino	ca|ta|[pui]|a
catapuia	nome feminino	ca|ta|[pui]|a
catapulta	nome feminino	ca|ta|[pul]|ta
catapultar	verbo	ca|ta|pul|[tar]
catapus	nome masculino	ca|ta|[pus]
catar	nome masculino	ca|[tar]
catar	verbo	ca|[tar]
cataraca	nome feminino	ca|ta|[ra]|ca
catarata	nome feminino	ca|ta|[ra]|ta
catarateiro	adjetivo	ca|ta|ra|[tei]|ro
catarateiro	nome masculino	ca|ta|ra|[tei]|ro
catarense	nome masculino	ca|ta|[ren]|se
catarense	adjetivo	ca|ta|[ren]|se
catarense	nome feminino	ca|ta|[ren]|se
catariano	adjetivo	ca|ta|ri|[a]|no
catariano	nome masculino	ca|ta|ri|[a]|no
catarina	nome feminino	ca|ta|[ri]|na
catarina-queimada	nome feminino	ca|ta|ri|na-quei|[ma]|da
catarinense	nome masculino	ca|ta|ri|[nen]|se
catarinense	nome feminino	ca|ta|ri|[nen]|se
catarinense	adjetivo	ca|ta|ri|[nen]|se
catarineta	nome masculino	ca|ta|ri|[ne]|ta
catarineta	nome feminino	ca|ta|ri|[ne]|ta
catarineta	adjetivo	ca|ta|ri|[ne]|ta
catarinete	nome masculino	ca|ta|ri|[ne]|te
catarinete	adjetivo	ca|ta|ri|[ne]|te
catarinete	nome feminino	ca|ta|ri|[ne]|te
catarino	adjetivo	ca|ta|[ri]|no
catarino	nome masculino	ca|ta|[ri]|no
catarista	adjetivo	ca|ta|[ris]|ta
catarista	nome masculino	ca|ta|[ris]|ta
catarista	nome feminino	ca|ta|[ris]|ta
cátaro	adjetivo	[cá]|ta|ro
cátaro	nome masculino	[cá]|ta|ro
catarral	adjetivo	ca|tar|[ral]
catarral	nome masculino	ca|tar|[ral]
catarral	nome feminino	ca|tar|[ral]
catarrão	nome masculino	ca|tar|[rão]
catarrear	verbo	ca|tar|re|[ar]
catarréctico	adjetivo	ca|tar|[réc]|ti|co
