caulóbio	nome masculino	cau|[ló]|bi|o
caulocárpico	adjetivo	cau|lo|[cár]|pi|co
caulocarpo	nome masculino	cau|lo|[car]|po
caulogástrio	nome masculino	cau|lo|[gás]|tri|o
cauloglosso	nome masculino	cau|lo|[glos]|so
caumã	nome masculino	cau|[mã]
caúna	nome feminino	ca|[ú]|na
cáunio	adjetivo	[cáu]|ni|o
cáunio	nome masculino	[cáu]|ni|o
caúno	nome masculino	ca|[ú]|no
caurense	adjetivo	cau|[ren]|se
caurense	nome masculino	cau|[ren]|se
caurense	nome feminino	cau|[ren]|se
cauri	nome masculino	cau|[ri]
caurinador	adjetivo	cau|ri|na|[dor]
caurinar	verbo	cau|ri|[nar]
caurineiro	adjetivo	cau|ri|[nei]|ro
caurineiro	nome masculino	cau|ri|[nei]|ro
causa	nome feminino	[cau]|sa
causa-efeito	nome feminino	cau|sa-e|[fei]|to
causação	nome feminino	cau|sa|[ção]
causador	adjetivo	cau|sa|[dor]
causador	nome masculino	cau|sa|[dor]
causadora	nome feminino	cau|sa|[do]|ra
causal	nome feminino	cau|[sal]
causal	adjetivo	cau|[sal]
causalidade	nome feminino	cau|sa|li|[da]|de
causalizar	verbo	cau|sa|li|[zar]
causante	nome masculino	cau|[san]|te
causante	adjetivo	cau|[san]|te
causante	nome feminino	cau|[san]|te
causar	verbo	cau|[sar]
causativo	adjetivo	cau|sa|[ti]|vo
causativo	nome masculino	cau|sa|[ti]|vo
causídica	nome feminino	cau|[sí]|di|ca
causídico	nome masculino	cau|[sí]|di|co
cáustica	nome feminino	[cáus]|ti|ca
causticação	nome feminino	caus|ti|ca|[ção]
causticamente	advérbio	caus|ti|ca|[men]|te
causticante	adjetivo	caus|ti|[can]|te
causticar	verbo	caus|ti|[car]
causticidade	nome feminino	caus|ti|ci|[da]|de
cáustico	adjetivo	[cáus]|ti|co
cáustico	nome masculino	[cáus]|ti|co
caustobiólito	nome masculino	caus|to|bi|[ó]|li|to
cautamente	advérbio	cau|ta|[men]|te
cautchu	nome masculino	caut|[chu]
cautela	nome feminino	cau|[te]|la
cautelar	verbo	cau|te|[lar]
cautelar	adjetivo	cau|te|[lar]
cauteleira	nome feminino	cau|te|[lei]|ra
cauteleiro	nome masculino	cau|te|[lei]|ro
cautelosa	nome feminino	cau|te|[lo]|sa
cautelosamente	advérbio	cau|te|lo|sa|[men]|te
cauteloso	adjetivo	cau|te|[lo]|so
cautério	nome masculino	cau|[té]|ri|o
cauterização	nome feminino	cau|te|ri|za|[ção]
cauterizado	adjetivo	cau|te|ri|[za]|do
cauterizador	adjetivo	cau|te|ri|za|[dor]
cauterizador	nome masculino	cau|te|ri|za|[dor]
cauterizante	adjetivo	cau|te|ri|[zan]|te
cauterizar	verbo	cau|te|ri|[zar]
cautivo	nome masculino	cau|[ti]|vo
cauto	adjetivo	[cau]|to
cava	nome feminino	[ca]|va
cava-terra	nome feminino	ca|va-ter|ra
cavaca	nome feminino	ca|[va]|ca
cavação	nome feminino	ca|va|[ção]
cavacão	nome masculino	ca|va|[cão]
cavacar	verbo	ca|va|[car]
cavacaria	nome feminino	ca|va|ca|[ri]|a
cavaco	nome masculino	ca|[va]|co
cavacué	nome masculino	ca|va|cu|[é]
cavada	nome feminino	ca|[va]|da
cavadeira	nome feminino	ca|va|[dei]|ra
cavadela	nome feminino	ca|va|[de]|la
cavadiço	adjetivo	ca|va|[di]|ço
cavado	nome masculino	ca|[va]|do
cavado	adjetivo	ca|[va]|do
cavador	nome masculino	ca|va|[dor]
cavador	adjetivo	ca|va|[dor]
cavadora	nome feminino	ca|va|[do]|ra
cavadura	nome feminino	ca|va|[du]|ra
cavala	nome feminino	ca|[va]|la
cavalada	nome feminino	ca|va|[la]|da
cavalagem	nome feminino	ca|va|[la]|gem
cavalão	nome masculino	ca|va|[lão]
cavalar	verbo	ca|va|[lar]
cavalar	adjetivo	ca|va|[lar]
cavalaria	nome feminino	ca|va|la|[ri]|a
cavalariano	nome masculino	ca|va|la|ri|[a]|no
cavalariça	nome feminino	ca|va|la|[ri]|ça
cavalariço	nome masculino	ca|va|la|[ri]|ço
cavaleação	nome feminino	ca|va|le|a|[ção]
cavalear	verbo	ca|va|le|[ar]
cavaleira	nome feminino	ca|va|[lei]|ra
cavaleirado	nome masculino	ca|va|lei|[ra]|do
cavaleiramente	advérbio	ca|va|lei|ra|[men]|te
cavaleirão	nome masculino	ca|va|lei|[rão]
cavaleirar	verbo	ca|va|lei|[rar]
