celêustico	adjetivo	ce|[lêus]|ti|co
celga	nome feminino	[cel]|ga
celha	nome feminino	[ce]|lha
celhado	adjetivo	ce|[lha]|do
celhas	nome feminino	[ce]|lhas
celheado	adjetivo	ce|lhe|[a]|do
celíaco	adjetivo	ce|[lí]|a|co
celiadelfo	nome masculino	ce|li|a|[del]|fo
celialgia	nome feminino	ce|li|al|[gi]|a
celibatária	nome feminino	ce|li|ba|[tá]|ri|a
celibatário	adjetivo	ce|li|ba|[tá]|ri|o
celibatário	nome masculino	ce|li|ba|[tá]|ri|o
celibatarismo	nome masculino	ce|li|ba|ta|[ris]|mo
celibato	nome masculino	ce|li|[ba]|to
célibe	adjetivo	[cé]|li|be
célico	adjetivo	[cé]|li|co
celícola	nome masculino	ce|[lí]|co|la
celícola	nome feminino	ce|[lí]|co|la
celideia	nome feminino	ce|li|[dei]|a
celidografia	nome feminino	ce|li|do|gra|[fi]|a
celidográfico	adjetivo	ce|li|do|[grá]|fi|co
celidógrafo	nome masculino	ce|li|[dó]|gra|fo
celidônia	nome feminino	ce|li|[dô]|ni|a
celidónia	nome feminino	ce|li|[dó]|ni|a
celidônia-menor	nome feminino	ce|li|dô|ni|a-me|nor
celidónia-menor	nome feminino	ce|li|dó|nia-me|[nor]
celífero	adjetivo	ce|[lí]|fe|ro
celificar	verbo	ce|li|fi|[car]
celífluo	adjetivo	ce|[lí]|flu|o
celígena	adjetivo	ce|[lí]|ge|na
celígena	nome masculino	ce|[lí]|ge|na
celígena	nome feminino	ce|[lí]|ge|na
celígero	adjetivo	ce|[lí]|ge|ro
celina	nome feminino	ce|[li]|na
celioscopia	nome feminino	ce|li|os|co|[pi]|a
celioscópico	adjetivo	ce|li|os|[có]|pi|co
celiotomia	nome feminino	ce|li|o|to|[mi]|a
celiotômico	adjetivo	ce|li|o|[tô]|mi|co
celiotómico	adjetivo	ce|li|o|[tó]|mi|co
celipotente	adjetivo	ce|li|po|[ten]|te
celo	nome masculino	[ce]|lo
celofanado	adjetivo	ce|lo|fa|[na]|do
celofanar	verbo	ce|lo|fa|[nar]
celofane	nome masculino	ce|lo|[fa]|ne
celofane	adjetivo	ce|lo|[fa]|ne
celoflebite	nome feminino	ce|lo|fle|[bi]|te
celoma	nome masculino	ce|[lo]|ma
celomado	adjetivo	ce|lo|[ma]|do
celômata	adjetivo	ce|[lô]|ma|ta
celomielia	nome feminino	ce|lo|mi|e|[li]|a
celoniquia	nome feminino	ce|lo|ni|[qui]|a
celópode	nome masculino	ce|[ló]|po|de
celoricense	adjetivo	ce|lo|ri|[cen]|se
celoricense	nome masculino	ce|lo|ri|[cen]|se
celoricense	nome feminino	ce|lo|ri|[cen]|se
celorrafia	nome feminino	ce|lor|ra|[fi]|a
celorráfico	adjetivo	ce|lor|[rá]|fi|co
celossomo	nome masculino	ce|los|[so]|mo
celóstato	nome masculino	ce|[lós]|ta|to
celotomia	nome feminino	ce|lo|to|[mi]|a
celotômico	adjetivo	ce|lo|[tô]|mi|co
celotómico	adjetivo	ce|lo|[tó]|mi|co
celótomo	nome masculino	ce|[ló]|to|mo
celsense	adjetivo	cel|[sen]|se
celsense	nome masculino	cel|[sen]|se
celsense	nome feminino	cel|[sen]|se
célsia	nome feminino	[cél]|si|a
celsitude	nome feminino	cel|si|[tu]|de
celsius	adjetivo	cel|[sius]
celso	adjetivo	[cel]|so
celta	nome masculino	[cel]|ta
celta	adjetivo	[cel]|ta
celta	nome feminino	[cel]|ta
celtácea	nome feminino	cel|[tá]|ce|a
celte	nome feminino	[cel]|te
celtibera	nome feminino	cel|ti|[be]|ra
celtibérico	adjetivo	cel|ti|[bé]|ri|co
celtibero	adjetivo	cel|ti|[be]|ro
celtibero	nome masculino	cel|ti|[be]|ro
celticidade	nome feminino	cel|ti|ci|[da]|de
celticismo	nome masculino	cel|ti|[cis]|mo
céltico	adjetivo	[cél]|ti|co
céltico	nome masculino	[cél]|ti|co
celtismo	nome masculino	cel|[tis]|mo
celtista	adjetivo	cel|[tis]|ta
celtista	nome masculino	cel|[tis]|ta
celtista	nome feminino	cel|[tis]|ta
celto-germânico	adjetivo	cel|to-ger|[mâ]|ni|co
celto-romano	adjetivo	cel|to-ro|[ma]|no
celtologia	nome feminino	cel|to|lo|[gi]|a
celtológico	adjetivo	cel|to|[ló]|gi|co
celtólogo	nome masculino	cel|[tó]|lo|go
celtomania	nome feminino	cel|to|ma|[ni]|a
celtomaníaco	adjetivo	cel|to|ma|[ní]|a|co
celtomaníaco	nome masculino	cel|to|ma|[ní]|a|co
celtómano	nome masculino	cel|[tó]|ma|no
celtômano	nome masculino	cel|[tô]|ma|no
célula	nome feminino	[cé]|lu|la
célula-flama	nome feminino	cé|lu|la-fla|ma
célula-mãe	nome feminino	cé|lu|la-mãe
