cerargirite	nome feminino	ce|rar|gi|[ri]|te
cerasina	nome feminino	ce|ra|[si]|na
cerasita	nome masculino	ce|ra|[si]|ta
cerasta	nome feminino	ce|[ras]|ta
ceratandra	nome feminino	ce|ra|[tan]|dra
ceratectasia	nome feminino	ce|ra|tec|ta|[si]|a
ceratectásico	adjetivo	ce|ra|tec|[tá]|si|co
ceratectático	adjetivo	ce|ra|tec|[tá]|ti|co
ceratectomia	nome feminino	ce|ra|tec|to|[mi]|a
ceratectômico	adjetivo	ce|ra|tec|[tô]|mi|co
ceratectómico	adjetivo	ce|ra|tec|[tó]|mi|co
ceratial	nome masculino	ce|ra|ti|[al]
ceratina	nome feminino	ce|ra|[ti]|na
ceratinização	nome feminino	ce|ra|ti|ni|za|[ção]
ceratinizar	verbo	ce|ra|ti|ni|[zar]
ceratinoso	adjetivo	ce|ra|ti|[no]|so
ceratite	nome feminino	ce|ra|[ti]|te
ceratitídeo	adjetivo	ce|ra|ti|[tí]|de|o
ceratitídeo	nome masculino	ce|ra|ti|[tí]|de|o
cerato	nome masculino	ce|[ra]|to
ceratocarpo	nome masculino	ce|ra|to|[car]|po
ceratocéfalo	nome masculino	ce|ra|to|[cé]|fa|lo
ceratocele	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|[ce]|le
ceratoconjuntivite	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|con|jun|ti|[vi]|te
ceratodo	nome masculino	ce|ra|[to]|do
ceratofilácea	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|fi|[lá]|ce|a
ceratofilo	nome masculino	ce|ra|to|[fi]|lo
ceratoglosso	adjetivo	ce|ra|to|[glos]|so
ceratoial	nome masculino	ce|ra|toi|[al]
ceratoide	adjetivo	ce|ra|[toi]|de
ceratóleno	nome masculino	ce|ra|[tó]|le|no
ceratólise	nome feminino	ce|ra|[tó]|li|se
ceratolítico	adjetivo	ce|ra|to|[lí]|ti|co
ceratólito	nome masculino	ce|ra|[tó]|li|to
ceratoma	nome masculino	ce|ra|[to]|ma
ceratomalacia	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|ma|la|[ci]|a
ceratómetro	nome masculino	ce|ra|[tó]|me|tro
ceratômetro	nome masculino	ce|ra|[tô]|me|tro
ceratónia	nome feminino	ce|ra|[tó]|ni|a
ceratônia	nome feminino	ce|ra|[tô]|ni|a
ceratoniácea	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|ni|[á]|ce|a
ceratopatia	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|pa|[ti]|a
ceratopétalo	adjetivo	ce|ra|to|[pé]|ta|lo
ceratoplastia	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|plas|[ti]|a
ceratoplástico	adjetivo	ce|ra|to|[plás]|ti|co
ceratopsídeo	nome masculino	ce|ra|top|[sí]|de|o
ceratopsídeo	adjetivo	ce|ra|top|[sí]|de|o
ceratoscopia	nome feminino	ce|ra|tos|co|[pi]|a
ceratoscópico	adjetivo	ce|ra|tos|[có]|pi|co
ceratoscópio	nome masculino	ce|ra|tos|[có]|pi|o
ceratose	nome feminino	ce|ra|[to]|se
ceratospôngio	nome masculino	ce|ra|tos|[pôn]|gi|o
ceratoteca	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|[te]|ca
ceratotomia	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|to|[mi]|a
ceratotômico	adjetivo	ce|ra|to|[tô]|mi|co
ceratotómico	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|[tó]|mi|co
ceratotômico	nome feminino	ce|ra|to|[tô]|mi|co
ceratotómico	adjetivo	ce|ra|to|[tó]|mi|co
ceratótomo	nome masculino	ce|ra|[tó]|to|mo
ceráunia	nome feminino	ce|[ráu]|ni|a
ceráunio	nome masculino	ce|[ráu]|ni|o
ceraunite	nome feminino	ce|rau|[ni]|te
ceraunofobia	nome feminino	ce|rau|no|fo|[bi]|a
ceraunófobo	adjetivo	ce|rau|[nó]|fo|bo
ceraunófobo	nome masculino	ce|rau|[nó]|fo|bo
ceraunografia	nome feminino	ce|rau|no|gra|[fi]|a
ceraunográfico	adjetivo	ce|rau|no|[grá]|fi|co
ceraunógrafo	nome masculino	ce|rau|[nó]|gra|fo
ceraunometria	nome feminino	ce|rau|no|me|[tri]|a
ceraunométrico	adjetivo	ce|rau|no|[mé]|tri|co
ceraunómetro	nome masculino	ce|rau|[nó]|me|tro
ceraunômetro	nome masculino	ce|rau|[nô]|me|tro
ceraunoscopia	nome feminino	ce|rau|nos|co|[pi]|a
cerbatana	nome feminino	cer|ba|[ta]|na
cerbera	nome feminino	cer|[be]|ra
cerberina	nome feminino	cer|be|[ri]|na
cérbero	nome masculino	[cér]|be|ro
cerca	advérbio	[cer]|ca
cerca	nome feminino	[cer]|ca
cercada	nome feminino	cer|[ca]|da
cercadeira	nome feminino	cer|ca|[dei]|ra
cercado	adjetivo	cer|[ca]|do
cercado	nome masculino	cer|[ca]|do
cercador	nome masculino	cer|ca|[dor]
cercadura	nome feminino	cer|ca|[du]|ra
cercal	nome masculino	cer|[cal]
cercamento	nome masculino	cer|ca|[men]|to
cercania	nome feminino	cer|ca|[ni]|a
cercano	adjetivo	cer|[ca]|no
cercante	adjetivo	cer|[can]|te
cercão	adjetivo	cer|[cão]
cercar	verbo	cer|[car]
cercário	nome masculino	cer|[cá]|ri|o
cercável	adjetivo	cer|[cá]|vel
cerce	adjetivo	[cer]|ce
cerce	advérbio	[cer]|ce
cércea	nome feminino	[cér]|ce|a
cerceabilidade	nome feminino	cer|ce|a|bi|li|[da]|de
cerceador	nome masculino	cer|ce|a|[dor]
cerceadura	nome feminino	cer|ce|a|[du]|ra
