chaise-longue	nome feminino	chai|se-lon|gue
chalaça	nome feminino	cha|[la]|ça
chalaçar	verbo	cha|la|[çar]
chalaceador	adjetivo	cha|la|ce|a|[dor]
chalaceador	nome masculino	cha|la|ce|a|[dor]
chalaceadora	nome feminino	cha|la|ce|a|[do]|ra
chalacear	verbo	cha|la|ce|[ar]
chalaceira	nome feminino	cha|la|[cei]|ra
chalaceiro	adjetivo	cha|la|[cei]|ro
chalaceiro	nome masculino	cha|la|[cei]|ro
chalacista	adjetivo	cha|la|[cis]|ta
chalacista	nome masculino	cha|la|[cis]|ta
chalacista	nome feminino	cha|la|[cis]|ta
chalaço	nome masculino	cha|[la]|ço
chalada	nome feminino	cha|[la]|da
chalado	adjetivo	cha|[la]|do
chalado	nome masculino	cha|[la]|do
chalana	nome feminino	cha|[la]|na
chalandra	nome feminino	cha|[lan]|dra
chalante	nome masculino	cha|[lan]|te
chalantice	nome feminino	cha|lan|[ti]|ce
chalão	nome masculino	cha|[lão]
chalar	verbo	cha|[lar]
chalavegão	nome masculino	cha|la|ve|[gão]
chalé	nome masculino	cha|[lé]
chaleira	nome feminino	cha|[lei]|ra
chaleira	adjetivo	cha|[lei]|ra
chaleira	nome masculino	cha|[lei]|ra
chaleiramento	nome masculino	cha|lei|ra|[men]|to
chaleirar	verbo	cha|lei|[rar]
chaleirismo	nome masculino	cha|lei|[ris]|mo
chaleirista	adjetivo	cha|lei|[ris]|ta
chaleirista	nome masculino	cha|lei|[ris]|ta
chaleirista	nome feminino	cha|lei|[ris]|ta
chaliço	nome masculino	cha|[li]|ço
chaloca	nome feminino	cha|[lo]|ca
chalota	nome feminino	cha|[lo]|ta
chalotinha-do-gerês	nome feminino	cha|lo|ti|nha-do-ge|[rês]
chalrão	nome masculino	chal|[rão]
chalrar	verbo	chal|[rar]
chalreada	nome feminino	chal|re|[a]|da
chalreador	nome masculino	chal|re|a|[dor]
chalreadura	nome feminino	chal|re|a|[du]|ra
chalrear	verbo	chal|re|[ar]
chalreio	nome masculino	chal|[rei]|o
chalreta	nome feminino	chal|[re]|ta
chalrote	nome masculino	chal|[ro]|te
chalupa	adjetivo	cha|[lu]|pa
chalupa	nome masculino	cha|[lu]|pa
chalupa	nome feminino	cha|[lu]|pa
chama	nome feminino	[cha]|ma
chamada	nome feminino	cha|[ma]|da
chamadeira	nome feminino	cha|ma|[dei]|ra
chamado	adjetivo	cha|[ma]|do
chamado	nome masculino	cha|[ma]|do
chamadoiro	nome masculino	cha|ma|[doi]|ro
chamador	nome masculino	cha|ma|[dor]
chamadouro	nome masculino	cha|ma|[dou]|ro
chamadura	nome feminino	cha|ma|[du]|ra
chamalote	nome masculino	cha|ma|[lo]|te
chamamento	nome masculino	cha|ma|[men]|to
chamar	verbo	cha|[mar]
chamarada	nome feminino	cha|ma|[ra]|da
chamarela	nome feminino	cha|ma|[re]|la
chamariz	nome masculino	cha|ma|[riz]
chamarra	nome feminino	cha|[mar]|ra
chamarrado	adjetivo	cha|mar|[ra]|do
chamativo	adjetivo	cha|ma|[ti]|vo
chamativo	nome masculino	cha|ma|[ti]|vo
chamável	adjetivo	cha|[má]|vel
chambã	nome feminino	cham|[bã]
chambajista	nome masculino	cham|ba|[jis]|ta
chambajista	nome feminino	cham|ba|[jis]|ta
chambão	adjetivo	cham|[bão]
chambão	nome masculino	cham|[bão]
chambaril	nome masculino	cham|ba|[ril]
chambas	nome masculino	[cham]|bas
chambo	nome masculino	[cham]|bo
chamboado	adjetivo	cham|bo|[a]|do
chambocar	verbo	cham|bo|[car]
chamboco	nome masculino	cham|[bo]|co
chamboíce	nome feminino	cham|bo|[í]|ce
chamboqueiro	adjetivo	cham|bo|[quei]|ro
chamborgas	nome masculino	cham|[bor]|gas
chambre	nome masculino	[cham]|bre
chambrié	nome masculino	cham|bri|[é]
chameante	adjetivo	cha|me|[an]|te
chamear	verbo	cha|me|[ar]
chamego	nome masculino	cha|[me]|go
chamejamento	nome masculino	cha|me|ja|[men]|to
chamejante	adjetivo	cha|me|[jan]|te
chamejar	verbo	cha|me|[jar]
chamejo	nome masculino	cha|[me]|jo
chamelote	nome masculino	cha|me|[lo]|te
chamiça	nome feminino	cha|[mi]|ça
chamiceiro	nome masculino	cha|mi|[cei]|ro
chamiço	nome masculino	cha|[mi]|ço
chamidor	adjetivo	cha|mi|[dor]
chamidor	nome masculino	cha|mi|[dor]
chaminé	nome feminino	cha|mi|[né]
