chantagear	verbo	chan|ta|ge|[ar]
chantagem	nome feminino	chan|[ta]|gem
chantagista	nome masculino	chan|ta|[gis]|ta
chantagista	adjetivo	chan|ta|[gis]|ta
chantagista	nome feminino	chan|ta|[gis]|ta
chantagístico	adjetivo	chan|ta|[gís]|ti|co
chantajar	verbo	chan|ta|[jar]
chantão	nome masculino	chan|[tão]
chantar	verbo	chan|[tar]
chantel	nome masculino	chan|[tel]
chantili	nome masculino	chan|ti|[li]
chantilly	nome masculino	chan|til|ly
chantoal	nome masculino	chan|to|[al]
chantoeira	nome feminino	chan|to|[ei]|ra
chantrado	nome masculino	chan|[tra]|do
chantre	nome masculino	[chan]|tre
chantria	nome feminino	chan|[tri]|a
chão	nome masculino	[chão]
chão	adjetivo	[chão]
chapa	nome feminino	[cha]|pa
chapa	nome masculino	[cha]|pa
chapa-testa	nome feminino	cha|pa-tes|ta
chapaçal	nome masculino	cha|pa|[çal]
chapaceiro	nome masculino	cha|pa|[cei]|ro
chapada	nome feminino	cha|[pa]|da
chapadão	nome masculino	cha|pa|[dão]
chapadinho	adjetivo	cha|pa|[di]|nho
chapadinho	nome masculino	cha|pa|[di]|nho
chapado	adjetivo	cha|[pa]|do
chapalheta	nome feminino	cha|pa|[lhe]|ta
chapar	verbo	cha|[par]
chaparia	nome feminino	cha|pa|[ri]|a
chaparral	nome masculino	cha|par|[ral]
chaparreiro	nome masculino	cha|par|[rei]|ro
chaparro	nome masculino	cha|[par]|ro
chape	nome masculino	[cha]|pe
chape	interjeição	[cha]|pe
chape-chape	nome masculino	cha|pe-cha|pe
chapeado	nome masculino	cha|pe|[a]|do
chapeado	adjetivo	cha|pe|[a]|do
chapeamento	nome masculino	cha|pe|a|[men]|to
chapear	verbo	cha|pe|[ar]
chapeira	nome feminino	cha|[pei]|ra
chapeirada	nome feminino	cha|pei|[ra]|da
chapeirão	nome masculino	cha|pei|[rão]
chapeiro	nome masculino	cha|[pei]|ro
chapejar	verbo	cha|pe|[jar]
chapelada	nome feminino	cha|pe|[la]|da
chapelão	nome masculino	cha|pe|[lão]
chapelaria	nome feminino	cha|pe|la|[ri]|a
chapeleira	nome feminino	cha|pe|[lei]|ra
chapeleiro	nome masculino	cha|pe|[lei]|ro
chapeleta	nome feminino	cha|pe|[le]|ta
chapelete	nome masculino	cha|pe|[le]|te
chapelina	nome feminino	cha|pe|[li]|na
chapelinha	nome feminino	cha|pe|[li]|nha
chapelinho	nome masculino	cha|pe|[li]|nho
chapelório	nome masculino	cha|pe|[ló]|ri|o
chapetão	nome masculino	cha|pe|[tão]
chapetonada	nome feminino	cha|pe|to|[na]|da
chapéu	nome masculino	cha|[péu]
chapéu de chuva	nome masculino	cha|péu de chu|va
chapéu de sol	nome masculino	cha|péu de sol
chapiçada	nome feminino	cha|pi|[ça]|da
chapiçar	verbo	cha|pi|[çar]
chapim	nome masculino	cha|[pim]
chapinar	verbo	cha|pi|[nar]
chapineiro	nome masculino	cha|pi|[nei]|ro
chapinhada	nome feminino	cha|pi|[nha]|da
chapinhar	verbo	cha|pi|[nhar]
chapinheiro	nome masculino	cha|pi|[nhei]|ro
chapiscar	verbo	cha|pis|[car]
chapisco	nome masculino	cha|[pis]|co
chapitéu	nome masculino	cha|pi|[téu]
chapo	adjetivo	[cha]|po
chapoda	nome feminino	cha|[po]|da
chapodar	verbo	cha|po|[dar]
chapoirada	nome feminino	cha|poi|[ra]|da
chapota	nome feminino	cha|[po]|ta
chapotamento	nome masculino	cha|po|ta|[men]|to
chapotar	verbo	cha|po|[tar]
chaprão	nome masculino	cha|[prão]
chapuçada	nome feminino	cha|pu|[ça]|da
chapuçar	verbo	cha|pu|[çar]
chapuchapo	nome feminino	cha|pu|[cha]|po
chapuz	nome masculino	cha|[puz]
chapuzar	verbo	cha|pu|[zar]
chaquéu	nome masculino	cha|[quéu]
chaquiça	nome feminino	cha|[qui]|ça
chaquiçar	verbo	cha|qui|[çar]
chaquiço	nome masculino	cha|[qui]|ço
chara	nome feminino	[cha]|ra
charabã	nome masculino	cha|ra|[bã]
charabasca	nome feminino	cha|ra|[bas]|ca
charabascal	nome masculino	cha|ra|bas|[cal]
charabasco	nome masculino	cha|ra|[bas]|co
charabasqueiro	nome masculino	cha|ra|bas|[quei]|ro
charabiá	nome masculino	cha|ra|bi|[á]
charabilhano	nome masculino	cha|ra|bi|[lha]|no
charada	nome feminino	cha|[ra]|da
