cientificamente	advérbio	ci|en|ti|fi|ca|[men]|te
cientificar	verbo	ci|en|ti|fi|[car]
cientificidade	nome feminino	ci|en|ti|fi|ci|[da]|de
científico	adjetivo	ci|en|[tí]|fi|co
científico-natural	adjetivo	ci|en|tí|fi|co-na|[tu]|ral
cientismo	nome masculino	ci|en|[tis]|mo
cientista	nome masculino	ci|en|[tis]|ta
cientista	nome feminino	ci|en|[tis]|ta
cieropia	nome feminino	ci|e|ro|[pi]|a
ciesiologia	nome feminino	ci|e|si|o|lo|[gi]|a
ciesiológico	adjetivo	ci|e|si|o|[ló]|gi|co
cifa	nome feminino	[ci]|fa
cifar	verbo	ci|[far]
cifióstomo	nome masculino	ci|fi|[ós]|to|mo
cifistoma	nome masculino	ci|fis|[to]|ma
cifo	nome masculino	[ci]|fo
cifoescoliose	nome feminino	ci|fo|es|co|li|[o]|se
cifomedusa	nome feminino	ci|fo|me|[du]|sa
cifonismo	nome masculino	ci|fo|[nis]|mo
cifoscoliose	nome feminino	ci|fos|co|li|[o]|se
cifose	nome feminino	ci|[fo]|se
cifótico	adjetivo	ci|[fó]|ti|co
cifótico	nome masculino	ci|[fó]|ti|co
cifozoário	nome masculino	ci|fo|zo|[á]|ri|o
cifozoário	adjetivo	ci|fo|zo|[á]|ri|o
cifra	nome feminino	[ci]|fra
cifrado	adjetivo	ci|[fra]|do
cifrante	nome masculino	ci|[fran]|te
cifrão	nome masculino	ci|[frão]
cifrar	verbo	ci|[frar]
cigalho	nome masculino	ci|[ga]|lho
cigana	nome feminino	ci|[ga]|na
ciganada	nome feminino	ci|ga|[na]|da
ciganagem	nome feminino	ci|ga|[na]|gem
ciganar	verbo	ci|ga|[nar]
ciganaria	nome feminino	ci|ga|na|[ri]|a
ciganeiro	adjetivo	ci|ga|[nei]|ro
ciganeiro	nome masculino	ci|ga|[nei]|ro
ciganice	nome feminino	ci|ga|[ni]|ce
ciganicida	adjetivo	ci|ga|ni|[ci]|da
ciganicida	nome masculino	ci|ga|ni|[ci]|da
ciganicida	nome feminino	ci|ga|ni|[ci]|da
ciganicídio	nome masculino	ci|ga|ni|[cí]|di|o
ciganismo	nome masculino	ci|ga|[nis]|mo
cigano	adjetivo	ci|[ga]|no
cigano	nome masculino	ci|[ga]|no
cigarra	nome feminino	ci|[gar]|ra
cigarrada	nome feminino	ci|gar|[ra]|da
cigarrar	verbo	ci|gar|[rar]
cigarraria	nome feminino	ci|gar|ra|[ri]|a
cigarrear	verbo	ci|gar|re|[ar]
cigarreira	nome feminino	ci|gar|[rei]|ra
cigarreiro	nome masculino	ci|gar|[rei]|ro
cigarrilha	nome feminino	ci|gar|[ri]|lha
cigarrinho	nome masculino	ci|gar|[ri]|nho
cigarrista	nome masculino	ci|gar|[ris]|ta
cigarrista	nome feminino	ci|gar|[ris]|ta
cigarro	nome masculino	ci|[gar]|ro
cigerão	nome masculino	ci|ge|[rão]
cigude	nome masculino	ci|[gu]|de
cila	nome feminino	[ci]|la
cilaceu	adjetivo	ci|la|[ceu]
cilaceu	nome masculino	ci|la|[ceu]
cilada	nome feminino	ci|[la]|da
ciladear	verbo	ci|la|de|[ar]
cilaríneo	nome masculino	ci|la|[rí]|ne|o
cílaro	nome masculino	[cí]|la|ro
cilbiano	adjetivo	cil|bi|[a]|no
cilbiano	nome masculino	cil|bi|[a]|no
cilbiceno	adjetivo	cil|bi|[ce]|no
cilbiceno	nome masculino	cil|bi|[ce]|no
cileneu	adjetivo	ci|le|[neu]
cilênio	adjetivo	ci|[lê]|ni|o
cilénio	adjetivo	ci|[lé]|ni|o
cileno	adjetivo	ci|[le]|no
cileno	nome masculino	ci|[le]|no
cileu	adjetivo	ci|[leu]
cilha	nome feminino	[ci]|lha
cilhado	adjetivo	ci|[lha]|do
cilhadoiro	nome masculino	ci|lha|[doi]|ro
cilhadouro	nome masculino	ci|lha|[dou]|ro
cilhão	nome masculino	ci|[lhão]
cilhão	adjetivo	ci|[lhão]
cilhar	verbo	ci|[lhar]
ciliado	adjetivo	ci|li|[a]|do
ciliado	nome masculino	ci|li|[a]|do
ciliar	adjetivo	ci|li|[ar]
cílice	adjetivo	[cí]|li|ce
cílice	nome masculino	[cí]|li|ce
cílice	nome feminino	[cí]|li|ce
ciliciano	adjetivo	ci|li|ci|[a]|no
ciliciano	nome masculino	ci|li|ci|[a]|no
ciliciar	verbo	ci|li|ci|[ar]
cilícico	adjetivo	ci|[lí]|ci|co
cilícico	nome masculino	ci|[lí]|ci|co
ciliciense	adjetivo	ci|li|ci|[en]|se
ciliciense	nome masculino	ci|li|ci|[en]|se
ciliciense	nome feminino	ci|li|ci|[en]|se
cilício	nome masculino	ci|[lí]|ci|o
cilício	adjetivo	ci|[lí]|ci|o
