jainismo	nome masculino	jai|[nis]|mo
jainista	adjetivo	jai|[nis]|ta
jainista	nome masculino	jai|[nis]|ta
jainista	nome feminino	jai|[nis]|ta
jalão	nome masculino	ja|[lão]
jalapa	nome feminino	ja|[la]|pa
jalapão	nome masculino	ja|la|[pão]
jalapeiro	nome masculino	ja|la|[pei]|ro
jalápico	adjetivo	ja|[lá]|pi|co
jalapina	nome feminino	ja|la|[pi]|na
jalapinha	nome feminino	ja|la|[pi]|nha
jalapinol	nome masculino	ja|la|pi|[nol]
jalde	adjetivo	[jal]|de
jaldinino	adjetivo	jal|di|[ni]|no
jaleca	nome feminino	ja|[le]|ca
jaleco	nome masculino	ja|[le]|co
jaleque	nome masculino	ja|[le]|que
jália	nome feminino	[já]|li|a
jalne	adjetivo	[jal]|ne
jalofa	nome feminino	ja|[lo]|fa
jalofo	nome masculino	ja|[lo]|fo
jalofo	adjetivo	ja|[lo]|fo
jaluto	nome masculino	ja|[lu]|to
jam-session	nome feminino	jam-ses|sion
jamacaí	nome masculino	ja|ma|ca|[í]
jamacaru	nome masculino	ja|ma|ca|[ru]
jamaia	nome feminino	ja|[mai]|a
jamaicana	nome feminino	ja|mai|[ca]|na
jamaicano	adjetivo	ja|mai|[ca]|no
jamaicano	nome masculino	ja|mai|[ca]|no
jamais	advérbio	ja|[mais]
jamanta	nome feminino	ja|[man]|ta
jamanta	nome masculino	ja|[man]|ta
jamaracaú	nome masculino	ja|ma|ra|ca|[ú]
jamaru	nome masculino	ja|ma|[ru]
jamaxi	nome masculino	ja|ma|[xi]
jamba	nome masculino	[jam]|ba
jamba	nome feminino	[jam]|ba
jambacosse	nome masculino	jam|ba|[cos]|se
jambatuto	nome masculino	jam|ba|[tu]|to
jambé	nome masculino	jam|[bé]
jambeiro	nome masculino	jam|[bei]|ro
jambelegíaco	adjetivo	jam|be|le|[gí]|a|co
jambi	nome masculino	jam|[bi]
jâmbico	adjetivo	[jâm]|bi|co
jâmbico-trocaico	adjetivo	jâm|bi|co-tro|[cai]|co
jambirre	nome feminino	jam|[bir]|re
jambo	nome masculino	[jam]|bo
jamboeiro	nome masculino	jam|bo|[ei]|ro
jambográfico	adjetivo	jam|bo|[grá]|fi|co
jambógrafo	nome masculino	jam|[bó]|gra|fo
jambol	nome masculino	jam|[bol]
jambolano	nome masculino	jam|bo|[la]|no
jambolão	nome masculino	jam|bo|[lão]
jamboleiro	nome masculino	jam|bo|[lei]|ro
jamboré	nome masculino	jam|bo|[ré]
jamboree	nome masculino	jam|bo|ree
jambosa	nome feminino	jam|[bo]|sa
jambu	nome masculino	jam|[bu]
jambuaçu	nome masculino	jam|bu|a|[çu]
jambul	nome masculino	jam|[bul]
jamburana	nome feminino	jam|bu|[ra]|na
jamegão	nome masculino	ja|me|[gão]
jamelão	nome masculino	ja|me|[lão]
jamésia	nome feminino	ja|[mé]|si|a
jamesónia	nome feminino	ja|me|[só]|ni|a
jamesônia	nome feminino	ja|me|[sô]|ni|a
jamesonite	nome feminino	ja|me|so|[ni]|te
jamundo	adjetivo	ja|[mun]|do
janaca	nome masculino	ja|[na]|ca
janal	adjetivo	ja|[nal]
janambá	nome masculino	ja|nam|[bá]
janambá	nome feminino	ja|nam|[bá]
janapucá	nome masculino	ja|na|pu|[cá]
janar	verbo	ja|[nar]
janari	nome masculino	ja|na|[ri]
janaúba	nome feminino	ja|na|[ú]|ba
janauí	nome masculino	ja|nau|[í]
janda	nome feminino	[jan]|da
jandaia	nome feminino	jan|[dai]|a
jandaíra	nome feminino	jan|da|[í]|ra
jandiá	nome masculino	jan|di|[á]
jandiroba	nome feminino	jan|di|[ro]|ba
janduí	adjetivo	jan|du|[í]
janduí	nome masculino	jan|du|[í]
janduí	nome feminino	jan|du|[í]
janeanes	nome feminino	ja|ne|[a]|nes
janeanes	nome masculino	ja|ne|[a]|nes
janeirada	nome feminino	ja|nei|[ra]|da
janeiras	nome feminino	ja|[nei]|ras
janeireiro	nome masculino	ja|nei|[rei]|ro
janeireiro	adjetivo	ja|nei|[rei]|ro
janeirento	adjetivo	ja|nei|[ren]|to
janeirinha	nome feminino	ja|nei|[ri]|nha
janeirinho	adjetivo	ja|nei|[ri]|nho
janeiro	nome masculino	ja|[nei]|ro
janeiros	nome masculino	ja|[nei]|ros
janela	nome feminino	ja|[ne]|la
janelão	nome masculino	ja|ne|[lão]
janelar	verbo	ja|ne|[lar]
