esplendidez	nome feminino	es|plen|di|[dez]
esplendideza	nome feminino	es|plen|di|[de]|za
esplêndido	adjetivo	es|[plên]|di|do
esplendor	nome masculino	es|plen|[dor]
esplendorosamente	advérbio	es|plen|do|ro|sa|[men]|te
esplendoroso	adjetivo	es|plen|do|[ro]|so
esplenectomia	nome feminino	es|ple|nec|to|[mi]|a
esplenectômico	adjetivo	es|ple|nec|[tô]|mi|co
esplenectómico	adjetivo	es|ple|nec|[tó]|mi|co
esplenenfráctico	adjetivo	es|ple|nen|[frác]|ti|co
esplenenfrático	adjetivo	es|ple|nen|[frá]|ti|co
esplenenfraxia	nome feminino	es|ple|nen|fra|[xi]|a
esplenética	nome feminino	es|ple|[né]|ti|ca
esplenético	adjetivo	es|ple|[né]|ti|co
esplenético	nome masculino	es|ple|[né]|ti|co
esplénico	adjetivo	es|[plé]|ni|co
esplênico	adjetivo	es|[plê]|ni|co
esplenificação	nome feminino	es|ple|ni|fi|ca|[ção]
esplênio	nome masculino	es|[plê]|ni|o
esplénio	nome masculino	es|[plé]|ni|o
esplenite	nome feminino	es|ple|[ni]|te
esplenização	nome feminino	es|ple|ni|za|[ção]
esplenocele	nome feminino	es|ple|no|[ce]|le
esplenografia	nome feminino	es|ple|no|gra|[fi]|a
esplenográfico	adjetivo	es|ple|no|[grá]|fi|co
esplenógrafo	nome masculino	es|ple|[nó]|gra|fo
esplenoide	adjetivo	es|ple|[noi]|de
esplenologia	nome feminino	es|ple|no|lo|[gi]|a
esplenológico	adjetivo	es|ple|no|[ló]|gi|co
esplenomegalia	nome feminino	es|ple|no|me|ga|[li]|a
esplenomegálico	adjetivo	es|ple|no|me|[gá]|li|co
esplenoncia	nome feminino	es|ple|non|[ci]|a
esplenopatia	nome feminino	es|ple|no|pa|[ti]|a
esplenopático	adjetivo	es|ple|no|[pá]|ti|co
esplenopático	nome masculino	es|ple|no|[pá]|ti|co
esplenopéctico	adjetivo	es|ple|no|[péc]|ti|co
esplenopético	adjetivo	es|ple|no|[pé]|ti|co
esplenopexia	nome feminino	es|ple|no|pe|[xi]|a
esplenotomia	nome feminino	es|ple|no|to|[mi]|a
esplenotômico	adjetivo	es|ple|no|[tô]|mi|co
esplenotómico	adjetivo	es|ple|no|[tó]|mi|co
espoador	nome masculino	es|po|a|[dor]
espoar	verbo	es|po|[ar]
espocar	verbo	es|po|[car]
espodite	nome feminino	es|po|[di]|te
espodógeno	adjetivo	es|po|[dó]|ge|no
espodomancia	nome feminino	es|po|do|man|[ci]|a
espodomante	nome masculino	es|po|do|[man]|te
espodomante	nome feminino	es|po|do|[man]|te
espodomântico	adjetivo	es|po|do|[mân]|ti|co
espodumena	nome feminino	es|po|du|[me]|na
espodumênio	nome masculino	es|po|du|[mê]|ni|o
espoduménio	nome masculino	es|po|du|[mé]|ni|o
espois	advérbio	es|[pois]
espojadoiro	nome masculino	es|po|ja|[doi]|ro
espojadouro	nome masculino	es|po|ja|[dou]|ro
espojadura	nome feminino	es|po|ja|[du]|ra
espojar	verbo	es|po|[jar]
espojeiro	nome masculino	es|po|[jei]|ro
espojinhar	verbo	es|po|ji|[nhar]
espojinho	nome masculino	es|po|[ji]|nho
espojo	nome masculino	es|[po]|jo
espoldra	nome feminino	es|[pol]|dra
espoldrador	nome masculino	es|pol|dra|[dor]
espoldrão	nome masculino	es|pol|[drão]
espoldrar	verbo	es|pol|[drar]
espoleta	nome feminino	es|po|[le]|ta
espoleta	nome masculino	es|po|[le]|ta
espoletar	verbo	es|po|le|[tar]
espolete	nome masculino	es|po|[le]|te
espoletear	verbo	es|po|le|te|[ar]
espoletino	adjetivo	es|po|le|[ti]|no
espoletino	nome masculino	es|po|le|[ti]|no
espoliação	nome feminino	es|po|li|a|[ção]
espoliado	adjetivo	es|po|li|[a]|do
espoliador	adjetivo	es|po|li|a|[dor]
espoliador	nome masculino	es|po|li|a|[dor]
espoliadora	nome feminino	es|po|li|a|[do]|ra
espoliante	adjetivo	es|po|li|[an]|te
espoliar	verbo	es|po|li|[ar]
espoliário	nome masculino	es|po|li|[á]|ri|o
espoliativamente	advérbio	es|po|li|a|ti|va|[men]|te
espoliativo	adjetivo	es|po|li|a|[ti]|vo
espoliativo	nome masculino	es|po|li|a|[ti]|vo
espoliável	adjetivo	es|po|li|[á]|vel
espolim	nome masculino	es|po|[lim]
espolinar	verbo	es|po|li|[nar]
espolinhadoiro	nome masculino	es|po|li|nha|[doi]|ro
espolinhadouro	nome masculino	es|po|li|nha|[dou]|ro
espolinhar	verbo	es|po|li|[nhar]
espólio	nome masculino	es|[pó]|li|o
espolpar	verbo	es|pol|[par]
esponda	nome feminino	es|[pon]|da
espondaico	adjetivo	es|pon|[dai]|co
espondeu	nome masculino	es|pon|[deu]
espondilalgia	nome feminino	es|pon|di|lal|[gi]|a
espondilálgico	adjetivo	es|pon|di|[lál]|gi|co
espondílico	adjetivo	es|pon|[dí]|li|co
espondilite	nome feminino	es|pon|di|[li]|te
espondilizema	nome masculino	es|pon|di|li|[ze]|ma
