estamináceo	adjetivo	es|ta|mi|[ná]|ce|o
estaminado	adjetivo	es|ta|mi|[na]|do
estaminal	adjetivo	es|ta|mi|[nal]
estaminar	verbo	es|ta|mi|[nar]
estaminário	adjetivo	es|ta|mi|[ná]|ri|o
estaminé	nome masculino	es|ta|mi|[né]
estaminífero	adjetivo	es|ta|mi|[ní]|fe|ro
estaminiforme	adjetivo	es|ta|mi|ni|[for]|me
estaminódio	nome masculino	es|ta|mi|[nó]|di|o
estaminoide	adjetivo	es|ta|mi|[noi]|de
estaminoso	adjetivo	es|ta|mi|[no]|so
estamínula	nome feminino	es|ta|[mí]|nu|la
estampa	nome feminino	es|[tam]|pa
estampado	nome masculino	es|tam|[pa]|do
estampado	adjetivo	es|tam|[pa]|do
estampador	adjetivo	es|tam|pa|[dor]
estampador	nome masculino	es|tam|pa|[dor]
estampagem	nome feminino	es|tam|[pa]|gem
estampar	verbo	es|tam|[par]
estamparia	nome feminino	es|tam|pa|[ri]|a
estampeiro	nome masculino	es|tam|[pei]|ro
estampiano	adjetivo	es|tam|pi|[a]|no
estampido	nome masculino	es|tam|[pi]|do
estampilha	nome feminino	es|tam|[pi]|lha
estampilhagem	nome feminino	es|tam|pi|[lha]|gem
estampilhar	verbo	es|tam|pi|[lhar]
estanato	nome masculino	es|ta|[na]|to
estanca	nome feminino	es|[tan]|ca
estanca-cavalos	nome feminino	es|tan|ca-ca|[va]|los
estanca-rios	nome masculino	es|tan|ca-ri|os
estanca-sangue	nome masculino	es|tan|ca-san|gue
estanca-sangues	nome masculino	es|tan|ca-san|gues
estancação	nome feminino	es|tan|ca|[ção]
estancada	nome feminino	es|tan|[ca]|da
estancadeira	nome feminino	es|tan|ca|[dei]|ra
estancado	adjetivo	es|tan|[ca]|do
estancador	adjetivo	es|tan|ca|[dor]
estancador	nome masculino	es|tan|ca|[dor]
estancagem	nome feminino	es|tan|[ca]|gem
estancamento	nome masculino	es|tan|ca|[men]|to
estancar	verbo	es|tan|[car]
estancável	adjetivo	es|tan|[cá]|vel
estanceira	nome feminino	es|tan|[cei]|ra
estanceiro	nome masculino	es|tan|[cei]|ro
estância	nome feminino	es|[tân]|ci|a
estanciar	verbo	es|tan|ci|[ar]
estancieiro	nome masculino	es|tan|ci|[ei]|ro
estanciense	adjetivo	es|tan|ci|[en]|se
estanciense	nome masculino	es|tan|ci|[en]|se
estanciense	nome feminino	es|tan|ci|[en]|se
estanciola	nome feminino	es|tan|ci|[o]|la
estanco	nome masculino	es|[tan]|co
estândar	nome masculino	es|[tân]|dar
estandardização	nome feminino	es|tan|dar|di|za|[ção]
estandardizado	adjetivo	es|tan|dar|di|[za]|do
estandardizar	verbo	es|tan|dar|di|[zar]
estandarte	nome masculino	es|tan|[dar]|te
estande	nome masculino	es|[tan]|de
estanforte	nome masculino	es|tan|[for]|te
estanguido	adjetivo	es|tan|[gui]|do
estanhação	nome feminino	es|ta|nha|[ção]
estanhado	adjetivo	es|ta|[nha]|do
estanhador	adjetivo	es|ta|nha|[dor]
estanhador	nome masculino	es|ta|nha|[dor]
estanhadura	nome feminino	es|ta|nha|[du]|ra
estanhagem	nome feminino	es|ta|[nha]|gem
estanhar	verbo	es|ta|[nhar]
estanharia	nome feminino	es|ta|nha|[ri]|a
estanheira	nome feminino	es|ta|[nhei]|ra
estanheiro	nome masculino	es|ta|[nhei]|ro
estanho	nome masculino	es|[ta]|nho
estânico	adjetivo	es|[tâ]|ni|co
estanífero	adjetivo	es|ta|[ní]|fe|ro
estanina	nome feminino	es|ta|[ni]|na
estanite	nome feminino	es|ta|[ni]|te
estanolite	nome feminino	es|ta|no|[li]|te
estanoso	adjetivo	es|ta|[no]|so
estanque	nome masculino	es|[tan]|que
estanque	adjetivo	es|[tan]|que
estanqueidade	nome feminino	es|tan|quei|[da]|de
estanqueira	nome feminino	es|tan|[quei]|ra
estanqueiro	nome masculino	es|tan|[quei]|ro
estanquidade	nome feminino	es|tan|qui|[da]|de
estante	adjetivo	es|[tan]|te
estante	nome feminino	es|[tan]|te
estantiga	nome feminino	es|tan|[ti]|ga
estapafúrdico	adjetivo	es|ta|pa|[fúr]|di|co
estapafúrdio	adjetivo	es|ta|pa|[fúr]|di|o
estapafurdismo	nome masculino	es|ta|pa|fur|[dis]|mo
estapeamento	nome masculino	es|ta|pe|a|[men]|to
estapear	verbo	es|ta|pe|[ar]
estapédico	adjetivo	es|ta|[pé]|di|co
estapélia	nome feminino	es|ta|[pé]|li|a
estaqueação	nome feminino	es|ta|que|a|[ção]
estaqueador	nome masculino	es|ta|que|a|[dor]
estaqueadouro	nome masculino	es|ta|que|a|[dou]|ro
estaqueamento	nome masculino	es|ta|que|a|[men]|to
estaquear	verbo	es|ta|que|[ar]
estaqueira	nome feminino	es|ta|[quei]|ra
estaquídea	nome feminino	es|ta|[quí]|de|a
