estaquilha	nome feminino	es|ta|[qui]|lha
estar	verbo	es|[tar]
estarcão	nome masculino	es|tar|[cão]
estardalhaço	nome masculino	es|tar|da|[lha]|ço
estardalhante	adjetivo	es|tar|da|[lhan]|te
estardalhar	verbo	es|tar|da|[lhar]
estardalho	nome masculino	es|tar|[da]|lho
estardiota	nome feminino	es|tar|di|[o]|ta
estarim	nome masculino	es|ta|[rim]
estarna	nome feminino	es|[tar]|na
estarola	adjetivo	es|ta|[ro]|la
estarola	nome masculino	es|ta|[ro]|la
estarola	nome feminino	es|ta|[ro]|la
estaroste	nome masculino	es|ta|[ros]|te
estarostia	nome feminino	es|ta|ros|[ti]|a
estarrecer	verbo	es|tar|re|[cer]
estarrecido	adjetivo	es|tar|re|[ci]|do
estarrejense	adjetivo	es|tar|re|[jen]|se
estarrejense	nome masculino	es|tar|re|[jen]|se
estarrejense	nome feminino	es|tar|re|[jen]|se
estarrincar	verbo	es|tar|rin|[car]
estarrinco	nome masculino	es|tar|[rin]|co
estase	nome feminino	es|[ta]|se
estasiado	adjetivo	es|ta|si|[a]|do
estásimo	nome masculino	es|[tá]|si|mo
estasiobasiofobia	nome feminino	es|ta|si|o|ba|si|o|fo|[bi]|a
estasiofobia	nome feminino	es|ta|si|o|fo|[bi]|a
estatal	adjetivo	es|ta|[tal]
estateladamente	advérbio	es|ta|te|la|da|[men]|te
estatelado	adjetivo	es|ta|te|[la]|do
estatelar	verbo	es|ta|te|[lar]
estatestesia	nome feminino	es|ta|tes|te|[si]|a
estática	nome feminino	es|[tá]|ti|ca
estaticamente	advérbio	es|ta|ti|ca|[men]|te
estaticismo	nome masculino	es|ta|ti|[cis]|mo
estaticista	nome masculino	es|ta|ti|[cis]|ta
estaticista	nome feminino	es|ta|ti|[cis]|ta
estático	adjetivo	es|[tá]|ti|co
estatismo	nome masculino	es|ta|[tis]|mo
estatista	nome masculino	es|ta|[tis]|ta
estatista	nome feminino	es|ta|[tis]|ta
estatística	nome feminino	es|ta|[tís]|ti|ca
estatisticamente	advérbio	es|ta|tis|ti|ca|[men]|te
estatístico	adjetivo	es|ta|[tís]|ti|co
estatístico	nome masculino	es|ta|[tís]|ti|co
estativo	nome masculino	es|ta|[ti]|vo
estatização	nome feminino	es|ta|ti|za|[ção]
estatizar	verbo	es|ta|ti|[zar]
estatmética	nome feminino	es|tat|[mé]|ti|ca
estatólatra	adjetivo	es|ta|[tó]|la|tra
estatólatra	nome masculino	es|ta|[tó]|la|tra
estatólatra	nome feminino	es|ta|[tó]|la|tra
estatolatria	nome feminino	es|ta|to|la|[tri]|a
estatolátrico	adjetivo	es|ta|to|[lá]|tri|co
estator	nome masculino	es|ta|[tor]
estatorreator	nome masculino	es|ta|tor|re|a|[tor]
estatoscópico	adjetivo	es|ta|tos|[có]|pi|co
estatoscópio	nome masculino	es|ta|tos|[có]|pi|o
estátua	nome feminino	es|[tá]|tu|a
estatuado	nome masculino	es|ta|tu|[a]|do
estatual	adjetivo	es|ta|tu|[al]
estatuar	verbo	es|ta|tu|[ar]
estatuária	nome feminino	es|ta|tu|[á]|ri|a
estatuário	nome masculino	es|ta|tu|[á]|ri|o
estatuário	adjetivo	es|ta|tu|[á]|ri|o
estatucional	adjetivo	es|ta|tu|ci|o|[nal]
estatueta	nome feminino	es|ta|tu|[e]|ta
estatuificação	nome feminino	es|ta|tui|fi|ca|[ção]
estatuificar	verbo	es|ta|tui|fi|[car]
estatuir	verbo	es|ta|tu|[ir]
estatura	nome feminino	es|ta|[tu]|ra
estatutariamente	advérbio	es|ta|tu|ta|ri|a|[men]|te
estatutário	adjetivo	es|ta|tu|[tá]|ri|o
estatutivo	adjetivo	es|ta|tu|[ti]|vo
estatuto	nome masculino	es|ta|[tu]|to
estau	nome masculino	es|[tau]
estauracanto	nome masculino	es|tau|ra|[can]|to
estaurantera	nome feminino	es|tau|ran|[te]|ra
estaurastro	nome masculino	es|tau|[ras]|tro
estaurídia	nome feminino	es|tau|[rí]|di|a
estauróforo	nome masculino	es|tau|[ró]|fo|ro
estaurólatra	nome masculino	es|tau|[ró]|la|tra
estaurólatra	nome feminino	es|tau|[ró]|la|tra
estaurolatria	nome feminino	es|tau|ro|la|[tri]|a
estaurolátrico	adjetivo	es|tau|ro|[lá]|tri|co
estaurolita	nome feminino	es|tau|ro|[li]|ta
estaurolite	nome feminino	es|tau|ro|[li]|te
estaurólito	nome masculino	es|tau|[ró]|li|to
estauroplegia	nome feminino	es|tau|ro|ple|[gi]|a
estauroplégico	adjetivo	es|tau|ro|[plé]|gi|co
estauroscópico	adjetivo	es|tau|ros|[có]|pi|co
estauroscópio	nome masculino	es|tau|ros|[có]|pi|o
estaurospermo	nome masculino	es|tau|ros|[per]|mo
estavanado	adjetivo	es|ta|va|[na]|do
estável	adjetivo	es|[tá]|vel
estavelmente	advérbio	es|ta|vel|[men]|te
estazador	adjetivo	es|ta|za|[dor]
estazador	nome masculino	es|ta|za|[dor]
estazamento	nome masculino	es|ta|za|[men]|to
estazar	verbo	es|ta|[zar]
