estralho	nome masculino	es|[tra]|lho
estramangueira	nome feminino	es|tra|man|[guei]|ra
estrambalhar	verbo	es|tram|ba|[lhar]
estrambelhar	verbo	es|tram|be|[lhar]
estrambelho	nome masculino	es|tram|[be]|lho
estrambólico	adjetivo	es|tram|[bó]|li|co
estrambote	nome masculino	es|tram|[bo]|te
estrambótico	adjetivo	es|tram|[bó]|ti|co
estramboto	nome masculino	es|tram|[bo]|to
estrame	nome masculino	es|[tra]|me
estramento	nome masculino	es|tra|[men]|to
estramonina	nome feminino	es|tra|mo|[ni]|na
estramônio	nome masculino	es|tra|[mô]|ni|o
estramónio	nome masculino	es|tra|[mó]|ni|o
estramontado	adjetivo	es|tra|mon|[ta]|do
estrampalhar	verbo	es|tram|pa|[lhar]
estrampalho	nome masculino	es|tram|[pa]|lho
estrançar	verbo	es|tran|[çar]
estrancilhar	verbo	es|tran|ci|[lhar]
estrancinhar	verbo	es|tran|ci|[nhar]
estranfoliar	verbo	es|tran|fo|li|[ar]
estrangalhar	verbo	es|tran|ga|[lhar]
estrangedura	nome feminino	es|tran|ge|[du]|ra
estrangeira	nome feminino	es|tran|[gei]|ra
estrangeirada	nome feminino	es|tran|gei|[ra]|da
estrangeiradamente	advérbio	es|tran|gei|ra|da|[men]|te
estrangeirado	nome masculino	es|tran|gei|[ra]|do
estrangeirado	adjetivo	es|tran|gei|[ra]|do
estrangeiramento	nome masculino	es|tran|gei|ra|[men]|to
estrangeirar	verbo	es|tran|gei|[rar]
estrangeirice	nome feminino	es|tran|gei|[ri]|ce
estrangeirinha	nome feminino	es|tran|gei|[ri]|nha
estrangeirismo	nome masculino	es|tran|gei|[ris]|mo
estrangeirista	nome masculino	es|tran|gei|[ris]|ta
estrangeirista	nome feminino	es|tran|gei|[ris]|ta
estrangeiro	nome masculino	es|tran|[gei]|ro
estrangeiro	adjetivo	es|tran|[gei]|ro
estrangulação	nome feminino	es|tran|gu|la|[ção]
estrangulado	adjetivo	es|tran|gu|[la]|do
estrangulador	adjetivo	es|tran|gu|la|[dor]
estrangulador	nome masculino	es|tran|gu|la|[dor]
estranguladora	nome feminino	es|tran|gu|la|[do]|ra
estrangulamento	nome masculino	es|tran|gu|la|[men]|to
estrangular	verbo	es|tran|gu|[lar]
estrangulatório	adjetivo	es|tran|gu|la|[tó]|ri|o
estrangúria	nome feminino	es|tran|[gú]|ri|a
estrangúrico	adjetivo	es|tran|[gú]|ri|co
estranha	nome feminino	es|[tra]|nha
estranhamente	advérbio	es|tra|nha|[men]|te
estranhamento	nome masculino	es|tra|nha|[men]|to
estranhão	adjetivo	es|tra|[nhão]
estranhão	nome masculino	es|tra|[nhão]
estranhar	verbo	es|tra|[nhar]
estranhável	adjetivo	es|tra|[nhá]|vel
estranhez	nome feminino	es|tra|[nhez]
estranheza	nome feminino	es|tra|[nhe]|za
estranhíssimo	adjetivo	es|tra|[nhís]|si|mo
estranho	nome masculino	es|[tra]|nho
estranho	adjetivo	es|[tra]|nho
estranja	nome feminino	es|[tran]|ja
estranja	adjetivo	es|[tran]|ja
estranja	nome masculino	es|[tran]|ja
estransir	verbo	es|tran|[sir]
estrapada	nome feminino	es|tra|[pa]|da
estrapassado	adjetivo	es|tra|pas|[sa]|do
estrar	verbo	es|[trar]
estrasburguês	adjetivo	es|tras|bur|[guês]
estrasburguês	nome masculino	es|tras|bur|[guês]
estratagema	nome masculino	es|tra|ta|[ge]|ma
estratagemático	adjetivo	es|tra|ta|ge|[má]|ti|co
estratarca	nome masculino	es|tra|[tar]|ca
estratarquia	nome feminino	es|tra|tar|[qui]|a
estratárquico	adjetivo	es|tra|[tár]|qui|co
estratega	nome masculino	es|tra|[te]|ga
estratega	nome feminino	es|tra|[te]|ga
estratégia	nome feminino	es|tra|[té]|gi|a
estrategicamente	advérbio	es|tra|te|gi|ca|[men]|te
estratégico	adjetivo	es|tra|[té]|gi|co
estrategista	nome masculino	es|tra|te|[gis]|ta
estrategista	nome feminino	es|tra|te|[gis]|ta
estratego	nome masculino	es|tra|[te]|go
estratificação	nome feminino	es|tra|ti|fi|ca|[ção]
estratificado	adjetivo	es|tra|ti|fi|[ca]|do
estratificador	adjetivo	es|tra|ti|fi|ca|[dor]
estratificar	verbo	es|tra|ti|fi|[car]
estratificável	adjetivo	es|tra|ti|fi|[cá]|vel
estratiforme	adjetivo	es|tra|ti|[for]|me
estratigrafia	nome feminino	es|tra|ti|gra|[fi]|a
estratigráfico	adjetivo	es|tra|ti|[grá]|fi|co
estratígrafo	nome masculino	es|tra|[tí]|gra|fo
estrato	nome masculino	es|[tra]|to
estratocracia	nome feminino	es|tra|to|cra|[ci]|a
estratocrata	nome masculino	es|tra|to|[cra]|ta
estratocrático	adjetivo	es|tra|to|[crá]|ti|co
estratocúmulo	nome masculino	es|tra|to|[cú]|mu|lo
estratografia	nome feminino	es|tra|to|gra|[fi]|a
estratográfico	adjetivo	es|tra|to|[grá]|fi|co
estratonauta	nome masculino	es|tra|to|[nau]|ta
estratonáutica	nome feminino	es|tra|to|[náu]|ti|ca
estratonáutico	adjetivo	es|tra|to|[náu]|ti|co
