estratonicense	adjetivo	es|tra|to|ni|[cen]|se
estratonicense	nome masculino	es|tra|to|ni|[cen]|se
estratonicense	nome feminino	es|tra|to|ni|[cen]|se
estratoniceu	adjetivo	es|tra|to|ni|[ceu]
estratoniceu	nome masculino	es|tra|to|ni|[ceu]
estratopausa	nome feminino	es|tra|to|[pau]|sa
estratosfera	nome feminino	es|tra|tos|[fe]|ra
estratosférico	adjetivo	es|tra|tos|[fé]|ri|co
estratóstato	nome masculino	es|tra|[tós]|ta|to
estravante	nome masculino	es|tra|[van]|te
estravar	verbo	es|tra|[var]
estravo	nome masculino	es|[tra]|vo
estreante	adjetivo	es|tre|[an]|te
estreante	nome masculino	es|tre|[an]|te
estreante	nome feminino	es|tre|[an]|te
estrear	verbo	es|tre|[ar]
estrebaria	nome feminino	es|tre|ba|[ri]|a
estrebordar	verbo	es|tre|bor|[dar]
estrebuchamento	nome masculino	es|tre|bu|cha|[men]|to
estrebuchar	verbo	es|tre|bu|[char]
estrefega	nome feminino	es|tre|[fe]|ga
estrefegar	verbo	es|tre|fe|[gar]
estregar	verbo	es|tre|[gar]
estreia	nome feminino	es|[trei]|a
estreitador	adjetivo	es|trei|ta|[dor]
estreitador	nome masculino	es|trei|ta|[dor]
estreitamente	advérbio	es|trei|ta|[men]|te
estreitamento	nome masculino	es|trei|ta|[men]|to
estreitar	verbo	es|trei|[tar]
estreiteza	nome feminino	es|trei|[te]|za
estreito	adjetivo	es|[trei]|to
estreito	nome masculino	es|[trei]|to
estreitura	nome feminino	es|trei|[tu]|ra
estrela	nome feminino	es|[tre]|la
estrela-azul	nome feminino	es|tre|la-a|[zul]
estrela-cadente	nome feminino	es|tre|la-ca|[den]|te
estrela-d'alva	nome feminino	es|tre|la-d´al|va
estrela-de-ouro	nome feminino	es|tre|la-de-ou|ro
estrela-do-mar	nome feminino	es|tre|la-do-mar
estrela-do-norte	nome feminino	es|tre|la-do-nor|te
estrelada	nome feminino	es|tre|[la]|da
estreladeira	nome feminino	es|tre|la|[dei]|ra
estrelado	adjetivo	es|tre|[la]|do
estrelamim	nome masculino	es|tre|la|[mim]
estrelante	adjetivo	es|tre|[lan]|te
estrelar	adjetivo	es|tre|[lar]
estrelar	verbo	es|tre|[lar]
estrelário	adjetivo	es|tre|[lá]|ri|o
estrelato	nome masculino	es|tre|[la]|to
estreleiro	adjetivo	es|tre|[lei]|ro
estrelejar	verbo	es|tre|le|[jar]
estrelícia	nome feminino	es|tre|[lí]|ci|a
estrelinha	nome feminino	es|tre|[li]|nha
estrelismo	nome masculino	es|tre|[lis]|mo
estrelista	adjetivo	es|tre|[lis]|ta
estrelista	nome masculino	es|tre|[lis]|ta
estrelista	nome feminino	es|tre|[lis]|ta
estrelo	adjetivo	es|[tre]|lo
estreloiçar	verbo	es|tre|loi|[çar]
estrelouçar	verbo	es|tre|lou|[çar]
estrém	nome masculino	es|[trém]
estrema	nome feminino	es|[tre]|ma
estremadela	nome feminino	es|tre|ma|[de]|la
estremado	adjetivo	es|tre|[ma]|do
estremadura	nome feminino	es|tre|ma|[du]|ra
estremalhar	verbo	es|tre|ma|[lhar]
estremalho	nome masculino	es|tre|[ma]|lho
estremar	verbo	es|tre|[mar]
estremável	adjetivo	es|tre|[má]|vel
estreme	adjetivo	es|[tre]|me
estremeção	nome masculino	es|tre|me|[ção]
estremecer	verbo	es|tre|me|[cer]
estremecidamente	advérbio	es|tre|me|ci|da|[men]|te
estremecido	adjetivo	es|tre|me|[ci]|do
estremecimento	nome masculino	es|tre|me|ci|[men]|to
estremenha	nome feminino	es|tre|[me]|nha
estremenho	adjetivo	es|tre|[me]|nho
estremenho	nome masculino	es|tre|[me]|nho
estremocense	nome masculino	es|tre|mo|[cen]|se
estremocense	adjetivo	es|tre|mo|[cen]|se
estremocense	nome feminino	es|tre|mo|[cen]|se
estremudar	verbo	es|tre|mu|[dar]
estremunhado	adjetivo	es|tre|mu|[nha]|do
estremunhamento	nome masculino	es|tre|mu|nha|[men]|to
estremunhar	verbo	es|tre|mu|[nhar]
estremunhento	adjetivo	es|tre|mu|[nhen]|to
estrenoitar	verbo	es|tre|noi|[tar]
estrenoutar	verbo	es|tre|nou|[tar]
estrenuamente	advérbio	es|tre|nu|a|[men]|te
estrénuo	adjetivo	es|[tré]|nu|o
estrênuo	adjetivo	es|[trê]|nu|o
estrepada	nome feminino	es|tre|[pa]|da
estrepadela	nome feminino	es|tre|pa|[de]|la
estrepar	verbo	es|tre|[par]
estrepe	nome masculino	es|[tre]|pe
estrepeiro	nome masculino	es|tre|[pei]|ro
estrepitante	adjetivo	es|tre|pi|[tan]|te
estrepitar	verbo	es|tre|pi|[tar]
estrépito	nome masculino	es|[tré]|pi|to
estrepitosamente	advérbio	es|tre|pi|to|sa|[men]|te
