estritura	nome feminino	es|tri|[tu]|ra
estriturotomia	nome feminino	es|tri|tu|ro|to|[mi]|a
estriturotômico	adjetivo	es|tri|tu|ro|[tô]|mi|co
estriturotómico	adjetivo	es|tri|tu|ro|[tó]|mi|co
estro	nome masculino	[es]|tro
estrobilífero	adjetivo	es|tro|bi|[lí]|fe|ro
estrobiliforme	adjetivo	es|tro|bi|li|[for]|me
estróbilo	nome masculino	es|[tró]|bi|lo
estroboscopia	nome feminino	es|tro|bos|co|[pi]|a
estroboscópico	adjetivo	es|tro|bos|[có]|pi|co
estroboscópio	nome masculino	es|tro|bos|[có]|pi|o
estroçar	verbo	es|tro|[çar]
estroço	nome masculino	es|[tro]|ço
estrofação	nome feminino	es|tro|fa|[ção]
estrofantina	nome feminino	es|tro|fan|[ti]|na
estrofanto	nome masculino	es|tro|[fan]|to
estrofe	nome feminino	es|[tro]|fe
estroficamente	advérbio	es|tro|fi|ca|[men]|te
estrófico	adjetivo	es|[tró]|fi|co
estrófio	nome masculino	es|[tró]|fi|o
estrofíolo	nome masculino	es|tro|[fí]|o|lo
estrófulo	nome masculino	es|[tró]|fu|lo
estrogénico	adjetivo	es|tro|[gé]|ni|co
estrogênico	adjetivo	es|tro|[gê]|ni|co
estrogénio	nome masculino	es|tro|[gé]|ni|o
estrogênio	nome masculino	es|tro|[gê]|ni|o
estrógeno	nome masculino	es|[tró]|ge|no
estrogonofe	nome masculino	es|tro|go|[no]|fe
estroi-tudo	nome masculino	es|troi-tu|do
estroina	nome masculino	es|[troi]|na
estroina	nome feminino	es|[troi]|na
estroina	adjetivo	es|[troi]|na
estroinar	verbo	es|troi|[nar]
estroinice	nome feminino	es|troi|[ni]|ce
estroma	nome masculino	es|[tro]|ma
estromania	nome feminino	es|tro|ma|[ni]|a
estromaníaca	nome feminino	es|tro|ma|[ní]|a|ca
estromaníaco	adjetivo	es|tro|ma|[ní]|a|co
estromaníaco	nome masculino	es|tro|ma|[ní]|a|co
estrómano	nome masculino	es|[tró]|ma|no
estrômano	nome masculino	es|[trô]|ma|no
estromateídeo	adjetivo	es|tro|ma|te|[í]|de|o
estromateídeo	nome masculino	es|tro|ma|te|[í]|de|o
estromático	adjetivo	es|tro|[má]|ti|co
estromatólito	nome masculino	es|tro|ma|[tó]|li|to
estromaturgia	nome feminino	es|tro|ma|tur|[gi]|a
estromatúrgico	adjetivo	es|tro|ma|[túr]|gi|co
estrombídeo	nome masculino	es|trom|[bí]|de|o
estrombo	nome masculino	es|[trom]|bo
estromboliano	adjetivo	es|trom|bo|li|[a]|no
estrompar	verbo	es|trom|[par]
estrompido	nome masculino	es|trom|[pi]|do
estrona	nome feminino	es|[tro]|na
estronca	nome feminino	es|[tron]|ca
estroncada	nome feminino	es|tron|[ca]|da
estroncamento	nome masculino	es|tron|ca|[men]|to
estronçar	verbo	es|tron|[çar]
estroncar	verbo	es|tron|[car]
estronciana	nome feminino	es|tron|ci|[a]|na
estroncianita	nome feminino	es|tron|ci|a|[ni]|ta
estroncianite	nome feminino	es|tron|ci|a|[ni]|te
estroncianítico	adjetivo	es|tron|ci|a|[ní]|ti|co
estrôncico	adjetivo	es|[trôn]|ci|co
estrôncio	nome masculino	es|[trôn]|ci|o
estrondar	verbo	es|tron|[dar]
estrondeante	adjetivo	es|tron|de|[an]|te
estrondear	verbo	es|tron|de|[ar]
estrondejar	verbo	es|tron|de|[jar]
estrondo	nome masculino	es|[tron]|do
estrondosamente	advérbio	es|tron|do|sa|[men]|te
estrondoso	adjetivo	es|tron|[do]|so
estrongilídeo	nome masculino	es|tron|gi|[lí]|de|o
estrôngilo	nome masculino	es|[trôn]|gi|lo
estrongiloide	nome masculino	es|tron|gi|[loi]|de
estrongiloidíase	nome feminino	es|tron|gi|loi|[dí]|a|se
estrongilose	nome feminino	es|tron|gi|[lo]|se
estrongomeno	nome masculino	es|tron|go|[me]|no
estropalho	nome masculino	es|tro|[pa]|lho
estropeação	nome feminino	es|tro|pe|a|[ção]
estropeada	nome feminino	es|tro|pe|[a]|da
estropeadamente	advérbio	es|tro|pe|a|da|[men]|te
estropear	verbo	es|tro|pe|[ar]
estropelia	nome feminino	es|tro|pe|[li]|a
estropeliar	verbo	es|tro|pe|li|[ar]
estropiação	nome feminino	es|tro|pi|a|[ção]
estropiada	nome feminino	es|tro|pi|[a]|da
estropiado	nome masculino	es|tro|pi|[a]|do
estropiado	adjetivo	es|tro|pi|[a]|do
estropiador	adjetivo	es|tro|pi|a|[dor]
estropiador	nome masculino	es|tro|pi|a|[dor]
estropiamento	nome masculino	es|tro|pi|a|[men]|to
estropiar	verbo	es|tro|pi|[ar]
estropício	nome masculino	es|tro|[pí]|ci|o
estropo	nome masculino	es|[tro]|po
estrosca	nome feminino	es|[tros]|ca
estroso	adjetivo	es|[tro]|so
estrotejar	verbo	es|tro|te|[jar]
estrouvinhar	verbo	es|trou|vi|[nhar]
estrovadura	nome feminino	es|tro|va|[du]|ra
estrovenga	nome feminino	es|tro|[ven]|ga
