eupétala	nome feminino	eu|[pé]|ta|la
euplástico	adjetivo	eu|[plás]|ti|co
euplero	nome masculino	eu|[ple]|ro
euplócamo	adjetivo	eu|[pló]|ca|mo
euplócamo	nome masculino	eu|[pló]|ca|mo
euploide	adjetivo	eu|[ploi]|de
euploidia	nome feminino	eu|ploi|[di]|a
eupneia	nome feminino	eup|[nei]|a
eupneico	adjetivo	eup|[nei]|co
eupogónia	nome feminino	eu|po|[gó]|ni|a
eupogônia	nome feminino	eu|po|[gô]|ni|a
eupolideu	adjetivo	eu|po|li|[deu]
eupolideu	nome masculino	eu|po|li|[deu]
eupraxia	nome feminino	eu|pra|[xi]|a
euquilia	nome feminino	eu|qui|[li]|a
euquimo	nome masculino	eu|[qui]|mo
euquinina	nome feminino	eu|qui|[ni]|na
eurafricana	nome feminino	eu|ra|fri|[ca]|na
eurafricano	adjetivo	eu|ra|fri|[ca]|no
eurafricano	nome masculino	eu|ra|fri|[ca]|no
euraliano	adjetivo	eu|ra|li|[a]|no
euramericana	nome feminino	eu|ra|me|ri|[ca]|na
euramericano	nome masculino	eu|ra|me|ri|[ca]|no
euramericano	adjetivo	eu|ra|me|ri|[ca]|no
euraquilão	nome masculino	eu|ra|qui|[lão]
eurasiática	nome feminino	eu|ra|si|[á]|ti|ca
eurasiático	adjetivo	eu|ra|si|[á]|ti|co
eurasiático	nome masculino	eu|ra|si|[á]|ti|co
eurásio	adjetivo	eu|[rá]|si|o
eurásio	nome masculino	eu|[rá]|si|o
euraustro	nome masculino	eu|[raus]|tro
eureca	interjeição	eu|[re]|ca
euribático	adjetivo	eu|ri|[bá]|ti|co
euricefalia	nome feminino	eu|ri|ce|fa|[li]|a
euricéfalo	adjetivo	eu|ri|[cé]|fa|lo
eurícero	adjetivo	eu|[rí]|ce|ro
eurignatismo	nome masculino	eu|rig|na|[tis]|mo
eurígnato	adjetivo	eu|[ríg]|na|to
êurino	adjetivo	[êu]|ri|no
euriónico	adjetivo	eu|ri|[ó]|ni|co
euriônico	adjetivo	eu|ri|[ô]|ni|co
euripideu	adjetivo	eu|ri|pi|[deu]
euripideu	nome masculino	eu|ri|pi|[deu]
euripidiano	adjetivo	eu|ri|pi|di|[a]|no
euripo	nome masculino	eu|[ri]|po
euríptero	nome masculino	eu|[ríp]|te|ro
eurístomo	adjetivo	eu|[rís]|to|mo
euritermo	adjetivo	eu|ri|[ter]|mo
euritermo	nome masculino	eu|ri|[ter]|mo
euritmia	nome feminino	eu|rit|[mi]|a
eurítmico	adjetivo	eu|[rít]|mi|co
euro	nome masculino	[eu]|ro
euro-africana	nome feminino	eu|ro-a|fri|[ca]|na
euro-africano	adjetivo	eu|ro-a|fri|[ca]|no
euro-africano	nome masculino	eu|ro-a|fri|[ca]|no
euro-americana	nome feminino	eu|ro-a|me|ri|[ca]|na
euro-americano	adjetivo	eu|ro-a|me|ri|[ca]|no
euro-americano	nome masculino	eu|ro-a|me|ri|[ca]|no
euro-asiática	nome feminino	eu|ro-a|si|[á]|ti|ca
euro-asiático	adjetivo	eu|ro-a|si|[á]|ti|co
euro-asiático	nome masculino	eu|ro-a|si|[á]|ti|co
euro-atlântico	adjetivo	eu|ro-a|[tlân]|ti|co
euro-austro	nome masculino	eu|ro-aus|tro
euro-obrigação	nome feminino	eu|ro-o|bri|ga|[ção]
euroaquilão	nome masculino	eu|ro|a|qui|[lão]
euróboro	nome masculino	eu|[ró]|bo|ro
eurocêntrico	adjetivo	eu|ro|[cên]|tri|co
eurocentrismo	nome masculino	eu|ro|cen|[tris]|mo
eurocéptica	nome feminino	eu|ro|[cép]|ti|ca
eurocepticismo	nome masculino	eu|ro|cep|ti|[cis]|mo
eurocéptico	adjetivo	eu|ro|[cép]|ti|co
eurocéptico	nome masculino	eu|ro|[cép]|ti|co
eurocética	nome feminino	eu|ro|[cé]|ti|ca
euroceticismo	nome masculino	eu|ro|ce|ti|[cis]|mo
eurocético	adjetivo	eu|ro|[cé]|ti|co
eurocético	nome masculino	eu|ro|[cé]|ti|co
eurocírcias	nome masculino	eu|ro|[cír]|ci|as
eurocomunismo	nome masculino	eu|ro|co|mu|[nis]|mo
eurocomunista	nome masculino	eu|ro|co|mu|[nis]|ta
eurocomunista	adjetivo	eu|ro|co|mu|[nis]|ta
eurocomunista	nome feminino	eu|ro|co|mu|[nis]|ta
eurocracia	nome feminino	eu|ro|cra|[ci]|a
eurocrata	nome masculino	eu|ro|[cra]|ta
eurocrata	nome feminino	eu|ro|[cra]|ta
eurodeputada	nome feminino	eu|ro|de|pu|[ta]|da
eurodeputado	nome masculino	eu|ro|de|pu|[ta]|do
eurodivisa	nome feminino	eu|ro|di|[vi]|sa
eurodólar	nome masculino	eu|ro|[dó]|lar
eurolândia	nome feminino	eu|ro|[lân]|di|a
euromercado	nome masculino	eu|ro|mer|[ca]|do
euromíssil	nome masculino	eu|ro|[mís]|sil
eurónoto	nome masculino	eu|[ró]|no|to
eurônoto	nome masculino	eu|[rô]|no|to
europeia	nome feminino	eu|ro|[pei]|a
europeísmo	nome masculino	eu|ro|pe|[ís]|mo
europeísta	adjetivo	eu|ro|pe|[ís]|ta
europeísta	nome masculino	eu|ro|pe|[ís]|ta
europeísta	nome feminino	eu|ro|pe|[ís]|ta
europeização	nome feminino	eu|ro|pei|za|[ção]
europeizar	verbo	eu|ro|pei|[zar]
