extinguidor	nome masculino	ex|tin|gui|[dor]
extinguir	verbo	ex|tin|[guir]
extinguível	adjetivo	ex|tin|[guí]|vel
extinta	nome feminino	ex|[tin]|ta
extintivo	adjetivo	ex|tin|[ti]|vo
extinto	adjetivo	ex|[tin]|to
extinto	nome masculino	ex|[tin]|to
extintor	nome masculino	ex|tin|[tor]
extintor	adjetivo	ex|tin|[tor]
extipuláceo	adjetivo	ex|ti|pu|[lá]|ce|o
extipulado	adjetivo	ex|ti|pu|[la]|do
extirpação	nome feminino	ex|tir|pa|[ção]
extirpador	nome masculino	ex|tir|pa|[dor]
extirpador	adjetivo	ex|tir|pa|[dor]
extirpadora	nome feminino	ex|tir|pa|[do]|ra
extirpamento	nome masculino	ex|tir|pa|[men]|to
extirpar	verbo	ex|tir|[par]
extirpável	adjetivo	ex|tir|[pá]|vel
extíspice	nome masculino	ex|[tís]|pi|ce
extispício	nome masculino	ex|tis|[pí]|ci|o
extorquir	verbo	ex|tor|[quir]
extorsão	nome feminino	ex|tor|[são]
extorsionária	nome feminino	ex|tor|si|o|[ná]|ri|a
extorsionário	adjetivo	ex|tor|si|o|[ná]|ri|o
extorsionário	nome masculino	ex|tor|si|o|[ná]|ri|o
extorsionista	nome masculino	ex|tor|si|o|[nis]|ta
extorsionista	nome feminino	ex|tor|si|o|[nis]|ta
extorsivo	adjetivo	ex|tor|[si]|vo
extorso	nome masculino	ex|[tor]|so
extortor	adjetivo	ex|tor|[tor]
extortor	nome masculino	ex|tor|[tor]
extra	adjetivo	[ex]|tra
extra	nome masculino	[ex]|tra
extra-atmosférico	adjetivo	ex|tra-at|mos|[fé]|ri|co
extra-axilar	adjetivo	ex|tra-a|xi|[lar]
extra-histórico	adjetivo	ex|tra-his|[tó]|ri|co
extra-hospitalar	adjetivo	ex|tra-hos|pi|ta|[lar]
extra-humano	adjetivo	ex|tra-hu|[ma]|no
extrabarreiras	advérbio	ex|tra|bar|[rei]|ras
extrabucal	adjetivo	ex|tra|bu|[cal]
extração	nome feminino	ex|tra|[ção]
extracelular	adjetivo	ex|tra|ce|lu|[lar]
extracolonial	adjetivo	ex|tra|co|lo|ni|[al]
extracomercial	adjetivo	ex|tra|co|mer|ci|[al]
extracompetição	adjetivo	ex|tra|com|pe|ti|[ção]
extraconjugal	adjetivo	ex|tra|con|ju|[gal]
extracontinental	adjetivo	ex|tra|con|ti|nen|[tal]
extracontratual	adjetivo	ex|tra|con|tra|tu|[al]
extracorporal	adjetivo	ex|tra|cor|po|[ral]
extracorpóreo	adjetivo	ex|tra|cor|[pó]|re|o
extracorrente	nome feminino	ex|tra|cor|[ren]|te
extracrescente	adjetivo	ex|tra|cres|[cen]|te
extractar	verbo	ex|trac|[tar]
extractiforme	adjetivo	ex|trac|ti|[for]|me
extractivo	adjetivo	ex|trac|[ti]|vo
extractivo	nome masculino	ex|trac|[ti]|vo
extracto	nome masculino	ex|[trac]|to
extractor	adjetivo	ex|trac|[tor]
extractor	nome masculino	ex|trac|[tor]
extractora	nome feminino	ex|trac|[to]|ra
extracurricular	adjetivo	ex|tra|cur|ri|cu|[lar]
extracurto	adjetivo	ex|tra|[cur]|to
extradição	nome feminino	ex|tra|di|[ção]
extradicionar	verbo	ex|tra|di|ci|o|[nar]
extraditado	adjetivo	ex|tra|di|[ta]|do
extraditando	nome masculino	ex|tra|di|[tan]|do
extraditar	verbo	ex|tra|di|[tar]
extraditável	adjetivo	ex|tra|di|[tá]|vel
extradorsado	adjetivo	ex|tra|dor|[sa]|do
extradorso	nome masculino	ex|tra|[dor]|so
extradotal	adjetivo	ex|tra|do|[tal]
extraescolar	adjetivo	ex|tra|es|co|[lar]
extraestatutário	adjetivo	ex|tra|es|ta|tu|[tá]|ri|o
extraeuropeu	adjetivo	ex|tra|eu|ro|[peu]
extrafino	adjetivo	ex|tra|[fi]|no
extrafoliáceo	adjetivo	ex|tra|fo|li|[á]|ce|o
extrafoliar	adjetivo	ex|tra|fo|li|[ar]
extrafólio	adjetivo	ex|tra|[fó]|li|o
extraforte	adjetivo	ex|tra|[for]|te
extragaláctico	adjetivo	ex|tra|ga|[lác]|ti|co
extragalático	adjetivo	ex|tra|ga|[lá]|ti|co
extraidor	nome masculino	ex|trai|[dor]
extrair	verbo	ex|tra|[ir]
extraível	adjetivo	ex|tra|[í]|vel
extrajudicial	adjetivo	ex|tra|ju|di|ci|[al]
extrajudicialmente	advérbio	ex|tra|ju|di|ci|al|[men]|te
extrajudiciariamente	advérbio	ex|tra|ju|di|ci|a|ri|a|[men]|te
extrajudiciário	adjetivo	ex|tra|ju|di|ci|[á]|ri|o
extrajurídico	adjetivo	ex|tra|ju|[rí]|di|co
extralegal	adjetivo	ex|tra|le|[gal]
extralegalmente	advérbio	ex|tra|le|gal|[men]|te
extraleve	adjetivo	ex|tra|[le]|ve
extralinguístico	adjetivo	ex|tra|lin|[guís]|ti|co
extralúcido	adjetivo	ex|tra|[lú]|ci|do
extramarital	adjetivo	ex|tra|ma|ri|[tal]
extramaritalmente	advérbio	ex|tra|ma|ri|tal|[men]|te
extramatrimonial	adjetivo	ex|tra|ma|tri|mo|ni|[al]
extramérico	adjetivo	ex|tra|[mé]|ri|co
extrâmero	nome masculino	ex|[trâ]|me|ro
extramundano	adjetivo	ex|tra|mun|[da]|no
