emborcação	nome feminino	em|bor|ca|[ção]
emborcadela	nome feminino	em|bor|ca|[de]|la
emborcar	verbo	em|bor|[car]
emborco	nome masculino	em|[bor]|co
embornadeiro	nome masculino	em|bor|na|[dei]|ro
embornal	nome masculino	em|bor|[nal]
embornalar	verbo	em|bor|na|[lar]
emborque	nome masculino	em|[bor]|que
emborrachar	verbo	em|bor|ra|[char]
emborrado	adjetivo	em|bor|[ra]|do
emborrado	nome masculino	em|bor|[ra]|do
emborrador	nome masculino	em|bor|ra|[dor]
emborradura	nome feminino	em|bor|ra|[du]|ra
emborralhar	verbo	em|bor|ra|[lhar]
emborrar	verbo	em|bor|[rar]
emborrascar	verbo	em|bor|ras|[car]
emboscada	nome feminino	em|bos|[ca]|da
emboscado	adjetivo	em|bos|[ca]|do
emboscado	nome masculino	em|bos|[ca]|do
emboscar	verbo	em|bos|[car]
embosqueirado	adjetivo	em|bos|quei|[ra]|do
embostar	verbo	em|bos|[tar]
embostear	verbo	em|bos|te|[ar]
embostelar	verbo	em|bos|te|[lar]
embotadeira	nome feminino	em|bo|ta|[dei]|ra
embotado	adjetivo	em|bo|[ta]|do
embotador	adjetivo	em|bo|ta|[dor]
embotadura	nome feminino	em|bo|ta|[du]|ra
embotamento	nome masculino	em|bo|ta|[men]|to
embotar	verbo	em|bo|[tar]
embote	nome masculino	em|[bo]|te
embotelhar	verbo	em|bo|te|[lhar]
embotijamento	nome masculino	em|bo|ti|ja|[men]|to
embotijar	verbo	em|bo|ti|[jar]
embraçadeira	nome feminino	em|bra|ça|[dei]|ra
embraçadura	nome feminino	em|bra|ça|[du]|ra
embraçamento	nome masculino	em|bra|ça|[men]|to
embraçar	verbo	em|bra|[çar]
embrace	nome masculino	em|[bra]|ce
embraceirar	verbo	em|bra|cei|[rar]
embragar	verbo	em|bra|[gar]
embrague	nome masculino	em|[bra]|gue
embraiagem	nome feminino	em|brai|[a]|gem
embraiar	verbo	em|brai|[ar]
embramar	verbo	em|bra|[mar]
embrancar	verbo	em|bran|[car]
embrandecer	verbo	em|bran|de|[cer]
embrandecimento	nome masculino	em|bran|de|ci|[men]|to
embranquecer	verbo	em|bran|que|[cer]
embranquecido	adjetivo	em|bran|que|[ci]|do
embranquecimento	nome masculino	em|bran|que|ci|[men]|to
embraseado	adjetivo	em|bra|se|[a]|do
embravear	verbo	em|bra|ve|[ar]
embravecer	verbo	em|bra|ve|[cer]
embravecido	adjetivo	em|bra|ve|[ci]|do
embravecimento	nome masculino	em|bra|ve|ci|[men]|to
embreadura	nome feminino	em|bre|a|[du]|ra
embreagem	nome feminino	em|bre|[a]|gem
embrear	verbo	em|bre|[ar]
embrechada	nome feminino	em|bre|[cha]|da
embrechado	adjetivo	em|bre|[cha]|do
embrechado	nome masculino	em|bre|[cha]|do
embrechar	verbo	em|bre|[char]
embrenhamento	nome masculino	em|bre|nha|[men]|to
embrenhar	verbo	em|bre|[nhar]
embretamento	nome masculino	em|bre|ta|[men]|to
embretar	verbo	em|bre|[tar]
embriagada	nome feminino	em|bri|a|[ga]|da
embriagado	adjetivo	em|bri|a|[ga]|do
embriagado	nome masculino	em|bri|a|[ga]|do
embriagador	adjetivo	em|bri|a|ga|[dor]
embriagamento	nome masculino	em|bri|a|ga|[men]|to
embriagante	adjetivo	em|bri|a|[gan]|te
embriagar	verbo	em|bri|a|[gar]
embriagável	adjetivo	em|bri|a|[gá]|vel
embriaguez	nome feminino	em|bri|a|[guez]
embrião	nome masculino	em|bri|[ão]
embridar	verbo	em|bri|[dar]
embrincar	verbo	em|brin|[car]
embriogénese	nome feminino	em|bri|o|[gé]|ne|se
embriogênese	nome feminino	em|bri|o|[gê]|ne|se
embriogenia	nome feminino	em|bri|o|ge|[ni]|a
embriogénico	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[gé]|ni|co
embriogênico	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[gê]|ni|co
embriogenista	nome masculino	em|bri|o|ge|[nis]|ta
embriogenista	nome feminino	em|bri|o|ge|[nis]|ta
embriografia	nome feminino	em|bri|o|gra|[fi]|a
embriográfico	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[grá]|fi|co
embrioide	adjetivo	em|bri|[oi]|de
embriolado	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[la]|do
embrióloga	nome feminino	em|bri|[ó]|lo|ga
embriologia	nome feminino	em|bri|o|lo|[gi]|a
embriológico	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[ló]|gi|co
embriologista	nome masculino	em|bri|o|lo|[gis]|ta
embriologista	nome feminino	em|bri|o|lo|[gis]|ta
embriólogo	nome masculino	em|bri|[ó]|lo|go
embrionado	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[na]|do
embrionariamente	advérbio	em|bri|o|na|ri|a|[men]|te
embrionário	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[ná]|ri|o
embrionífero	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[ní]|fe|ro
