embriopatia	nome feminino	em|bri|o|pa|[ti]|a
embriopático	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[pá]|ti|co
embriotomia	nome feminino	em|bri|o|to|[mi]|a
embriotômico	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[tô]|mi|co
embriotómico	adjetivo	em|bri|o|[tó]|mi|co
embriótomo	nome masculino	em|bri|[ó]|to|mo
embriulcia	nome feminino	em|bri|ul|[ci]|a
embriulco	nome masculino	em|bri|[ul]|co
embrocação	nome feminino	em|bro|ca|[ção]
embrolho	nome masculino	em|[bro]|lho
embroma	nome feminino	em|[bro]|ma
embromação	nome feminino	em|bro|ma|[ção]
embromador	adjetivo	em|bro|ma|[dor]
embromador	nome masculino	em|bro|ma|[dor]
embromar	verbo	em|bro|[mar]
embromeiro	adjetivo	em|bro|[mei]|ro
embromeiro	nome masculino	em|bro|[mei]|ro
embruacar	verbo	em|bru|a|[car]
embrulhada	nome feminino	em|bru|[lha]|da
embrulhado	adjetivo	em|bru|[lha]|do
embrulhador	adjetivo	em|bru|lha|[dor]
embrulhador	nome masculino	em|bru|lha|[dor]
embrulhamento	nome masculino	em|bru|lha|[men]|to
embrulhar	verbo	em|bru|[lhar]
embrulho	nome masculino	em|[bru]|lho
embrumado	adjetivo	em|bru|[ma]|do
embrumar	verbo	em|bru|[mar]
embruscar	verbo	em|brus|[car]
embrutar	verbo	em|bru|[tar]
embrutecedor	adjetivo	em|bru|te|ce|[dor]
embrutecedor	nome masculino	em|bru|te|ce|[dor]
embrutecer	verbo	em|bru|te|[cer]
embrutecido	adjetivo	em|bru|te|[ci]|do
embrutecimento	nome masculino	em|bru|te|ci|[men]|to
embruxado	adjetivo	em|bru|[xa]|do
embruxador	adjetivo	em|bru|xa|[dor]
embruxador	nome masculino	em|bru|xa|[dor]
embruxar	verbo	em|bru|[xar]
embuá	nome masculino	em|bu|[á]
embuçada	nome feminino	em|bu|[ça]|da
embuçado	adjetivo	em|bu|[ça]|do
embuçado	nome masculino	em|bu|[ça]|do
embuçalador	nome masculino	em|bu|ça|la|[dor]
embuçalar	verbo	em|bu|ça|[lar]
embuçar	verbo	em|bu|[çar]
embuchado	adjetivo	em|bu|[cha]|do
embuchar	verbo	em|bu|[char]
embuço	nome masculino	em|[bu]|ço
embudamento	nome masculino	em|bu|da|[men]|to
embudar	verbo	em|bu|[dar]
embude	nome masculino	em|[bu]|de
embudo	nome masculino	em|[bu]|do
embuí	nome masculino	em|bu|[í]
embuizar	verbo	em|bui|[zar]
emburguesar	verbo	em|bur|gue|[sar]
emburi	nome masculino	em|bu|[ri]
emburilhada	nome feminino	em|bu|ri|[lha]|da
emburilhar	verbo	em|bu|ri|[lhar]
emburizal	nome masculino	em|bu|ri|[zal]
emburrado	adjetivo	em|bur|[ra]|do
emburrado	nome masculino	em|bur|[ra]|do
emburramento	nome masculino	em|bur|ra|[men]|to
emburrar	verbo	em|bur|[rar]
emburrecer	verbo	em|bur|re|[cer]
emburrecimento	nome masculino	em|bur|re|ci|[men]|to
emburricar	verbo	em|bur|ri|[car]
embustaria	nome feminino	em|bus|ta|[ri]|a
embuste	nome masculino	em|[bus]|te
embustear	verbo	em|bus|te|[ar]
embusteira	nome feminino	em|bus|[tei]|ra
embusteiro	adjetivo	em|bus|[tei]|ro
embusteiro	nome masculino	em|bus|[tei]|ro
embustice	nome feminino	em|bus|[ti]|ce
embutideira	nome feminino	em|bu|ti|[dei]|ra
embutido	adjetivo	em|bu|[ti]|do
embutido	nome masculino	em|bu|[ti]|do
embutidor	nome masculino	em|bu|ti|[dor]
embutidor	adjetivo	em|bu|ti|[dor]
embutidura	nome feminino	em|bu|ti|[du]|ra
embutimento	nome masculino	em|bu|ti|[men]|to
embutir	verbo	em|bu|[tir]
embuziado	adjetivo	em|bu|zi|[a]|do
embuziar	verbo	em|bu|zi|[ar]
embuzinado	adjetivo	em|bu|zi|[na]|do
embuzinar	verbo	em|bu|zi|[nar]
eme	nome masculino	[e]|me
emechar	verbo	e|me|[char]
emedar	verbo	e|me|[dar]
emedouçar	verbo	e|me|dou|[çar]
emelar	verbo	e|me|[lar]
emenagogo	adjetivo	e|me|na|[go]|go
emenagogo	nome masculino	e|me|na|[go]|go
emenda	nome feminino	e|[men]|da
emendação	nome feminino	e|men|da|[ção]
emendador	nome masculino	e|men|da|[dor]
emendador	adjetivo	e|men|da|[dor]
emendamento	nome masculino	e|men|da|[men]|to
emendar	verbo	e|men|[dar]
emendável	adjetivo	e|men|[dá]|vel
emendicar	verbo	e|men|di|[car]
