empiteirar	verbo	em|pi|tei|[rar]
empitosgado	adjetivo	em|pi|tos|[ga]|do
emplacamento	nome masculino	em|pla|ca|[men]|to
emplacar	verbo	em|pla|[car]
emplasmado	adjetivo	em|plas|[ma]|do
emplasmar	verbo	em|plas|[mar]
emplastação	nome feminino	em|plas|ta|[ção]
emplastado	adjetivo	em|plas|[ta]|do
emplastagem	nome feminino	em|plas|[ta]|gem
emplastamento	nome masculino	em|plas|ta|[men]|to
emplastar	verbo	em|plas|[tar]
emplástico	adjetivo	em|[plás]|ti|co
emplasto	nome masculino	em|[plas]|to
emplastração	nome feminino	em|plas|tra|[ção]
emplastrácio	nome masculino	em|plas|[trá]|ci|o
emplastrado	adjetivo	em|plas|[tra]|do
emplastragem	nome feminino	em|plas|[tra]|gem
emplastramento	nome masculino	em|plas|tra|[men]|to
emplastrar	verbo	em|plas|[trar]
emplástrico	adjetivo	em|[plás]|tri|co
emplastro	nome masculino	em|[plas]|tro
emplumação	nome feminino	em|plu|ma|[ção]
emplumado	adjetivo	em|plu|[ma]|do
emplumar	verbo	em|plu|[mar]
emplumável	adjetivo	em|plu|[má]|vel
emplumescer	verbo	em|plu|mes|[cer]
empoadela	nome feminino	em|po|a|[de]|la
empoado	adjetivo	em|po|[a]|do
empoado	nome masculino	em|po|[a]|do
empoamento	nome masculino	em|po|a|[men]|to
empoar	verbo	em|po|[ar]
empobrecer	verbo	em|po|bre|[cer]
empobrecido	adjetivo	em|po|bre|[ci]|do
empobrecimento	nome masculino	em|po|bre|ci|[men]|to
empoçado	adjetivo	em|po|[ça]|do
empoçamento	nome masculino	em|po|ça|[men]|to
empoçar	verbo	em|po|[çar]
empocilgar	verbo	em|po|cil|[gar]
empoderamento	nome masculino	em|po|de|ra|[men]|to
empoeirado	adjetivo	em|po|ei|[ra]|do
empoeiramento	nome masculino	em|po|ei|ra|[men]|to
empoeirar	verbo	em|po|ei|[rar]
empófia	nome feminino	em|[pó]|fi|a
empófio	adjetivo	em|[pó]|fi|o
empola	nome feminino	em|[po]|la
empoláceo	adjetivo	em|po|[lá]|ce|o
empoladamente	advérbio	em|po|la|da|[men]|te
empolado	adjetivo	em|po|[la]|do
empolamento	nome masculino	em|po|la|[men]|to
empolar	adjetivo	em|po|[lar]
empolar	verbo	em|po|[lar]
empoleação	nome feminino	em|po|le|a|[ção]
empoleamento	nome masculino	em|po|le|a|[men]|to
empolear	verbo	em|po|le|[ar]
empoleirado	adjetivo	em|po|lei|[ra]|do
empoleirar	verbo	em|po|lei|[rar]
empolgadeira	nome feminino	em|pol|ga|[dei]|ra
empolgado	adjetivo	em|pol|[ga]|do
empolgador	adjetivo	em|pol|ga|[dor]
empolgadura	nome feminino	em|pol|ga|[du]|ra
empolgamento	nome masculino	em|pol|ga|[men]|to
empolgante	adjetivo	em|pol|[gan]|te
empolgar	verbo	em|pol|[gar]
empolgueira	nome feminino	em|pol|[guei]|ra
empolha	nome feminino	em|[po]|lha
empolhar	verbo	em|po|[lhar]
empolmar	verbo	em|pol|[mar]
empomadar	verbo	em|po|ma|[dar]
empombação	nome feminino	em|pom|ba|[ção]
empombar	verbo	em|pom|[bar]
empontar	verbo	em|pon|[tar]
empopar	verbo	em|po|[par]
emporcalhador	adjetivo	em|por|ca|lha|[dor]
emporcalhador	nome masculino	em|por|ca|lha|[dor]
emporcalhamento	nome masculino	em|por|ca|lha|[men]|to
emporcalhar	verbo	em|por|ca|[lhar]
emporcar	verbo	em|por|[car]
emporético	adjetivo	em|po|[ré]|ti|co
empório	nome masculino	em|[pó]|ri|o
emporitano	nome masculino	em|po|ri|[ta]|no
emporitano	adjetivo	em|po|ri|[ta]|no
empós	preposição	em|[pós]
empossado	adjetivo	em|pos|[sa]|do
empossamento	nome masculino	em|pos|sa|[men]|to
empossar	verbo	em|pos|[sar]
emposse	nome masculino	em|[pos]|se
emposta	nome feminino	em|[pos]|ta
empostação	nome feminino	em|pos|ta|[ção]
empostar	verbo	em|pos|[tar]
empostigar	verbo	em|pos|ti|[gar]
emprateleiramento	nome masculino	em|pra|te|lei|ra|[men]|to
emprateleirar	verbo	em|pra|te|lei|[rar]
emprazado	adjetivo	em|pra|[za]|do
emprazador	adjetivo	em|pra|za|[dor]
emprazador	nome masculino	em|pra|za|[dor]
emprazamento	nome masculino	em|pra|za|[men]|to
emprazar	verbo	em|pra|[zar]
empreendedor	adjetivo	em|pre|en|de|[dor]
empreendedor	nome masculino	em|pre|en|de|[dor]
empreendedora	nome feminino	em|pre|en|de|[do]|ra
