empreendedorismo	nome masculino	em|pre|en|de|do|[ris]|mo
empreender	verbo	em|pre|en|[der]
empreendida	nome feminino	em|pre|en|[di]|da
empreendimento	nome masculino	em|pre|en|di|[men]|to
empregabilidade	nome feminino	em|pre|ga|bi|li|[da]|de
empregada	nome feminino	em|pre|[ga]|da
empregado	adjetivo	em|pre|[ga]|do
empregado	nome masculino	em|pre|[ga]|do
empregador	adjetivo	em|pre|ga|[dor]
empregador	nome masculino	em|pre|ga|[dor]
empregadora	nome feminino	em|pre|ga|[do]|ra
empregar	verbo	em|pre|[gar]
empregável	adjetivo	em|pre|[gá]|vel
emprego	nome masculino	em|[pre]|go
empregomania	nome feminino	em|pre|go|ma|[ni]|a
empregomaníaco	adjetivo	em|pre|go|ma|[ní]|a|co
empregomaníaco	nome masculino	em|pre|go|ma|[ní]|a|co
empregue	adjetivo	em|[pre]|gue
empreguiçar	verbo	em|pre|gui|[çar]
empreita	nome feminino	em|[prei]|ta
empreitada	nome feminino	em|prei|[ta]|da
empreitar	verbo	em|prei|[tar]
empreiteira	nome feminino	em|prei|[tei]|ra
empreiteiro	nome masculino	em|prei|[tei]|ro
emprenhador	adjetivo	em|pre|nha|[dor]
emprenhador	nome masculino	em|pre|nha|[dor]
emprenhamento	nome masculino	em|pre|nha|[men]|to
emprenhar	verbo	em|pre|[nhar]
emprenhidão	nome feminino	em|pre|nhi|[dão]
empresa	nome feminino	em|[pre]|sa
empresador	adjetivo	em|pre|sa|[dor]
empresador	nome masculino	em|pre|sa|[dor]
empresar	verbo	em|pre|[sar]
empresária	nome feminino	em|pre|[sá]|ri|a
empresariado	nome masculino	em|pre|sa|ri|[a]|do
empresarial	adjetivo	em|pre|sa|ri|[al]
empresarialização	nome feminino	em|pre|sa|ri|a|li|za|[ção]
empresário	nome masculino	em|pre|[sá]|ri|o
empresário	adjetivo	em|pre|[sá]|ri|o
emprestadar	verbo	em|pres|ta|[dar]
emprestadio	adjetivo	em|pres|ta|[di]|o
emprestado	adjetivo	em|pres|[ta]|do
emprestador	adjetivo	em|pres|ta|[dor]
emprestador	nome masculino	em|pres|ta|[dor]
emprestadora	nome feminino	em|pres|ta|[do]|ra
emprestar	verbo	em|pres|[tar]
emprestável	adjetivo	em|pres|[tá]|vel
empréstimo	nome masculino	em|[prés]|ti|mo
empretecer	verbo	em|pre|te|[cer]
emprisionar	verbo	em|pri|si|o|[nar]
emproadamente	advérbio	em|pro|a|da|[men]|te
emproado	adjetivo	em|pro|[a]|do
emproar	verbo	em|pro|[ar]
emprostótono	nome masculino	em|pros|[tó]|to|no
empubescer	verbo	em|pu|bes|[cer]
empulhação	nome feminino	em|pu|lha|[ção]
empulhar	verbo	em|pu|[lhar]
empulmonização	nome feminino	em|pul|mo|ni|za|[ção]
empunhadura	nome feminino	em|pu|nha|[du]|ra
empunhar	verbo	em|pu|[nhar]
empunidoiros	nome masculino	em|pu|ni|[doi]|ros
empunidouros	nome masculino	em|pu|ni|[dou]|ros
empunidura	nome feminino	em|pu|ni|[du]|ra
empunir	verbo	em|pu|[nir]
empurpurar	verbo	em|pur|pu|[rar]
empurpurecer	verbo	em|pur|pu|re|[cer]
empurra	nome masculino	em|[pur]|ra
empurra-empurra	nome masculino	em|pur|ra-em|[pur]|ra
empurração	nome feminino	em|pur|ra|[ção]
empurrador	adjetivo	em|pur|ra|[dor]
empurrador	nome masculino	em|pur|ra|[dor]
empurrão	nome masculino	em|pur|[rão]
empurrar	verbo	em|pur|[rar]
empurrável	adjetivo	em|pur|[rá]|vel
empurro	nome masculino	em|[pur]|ro
empuxador	adjetivo	em|pu|xa|[dor]
empuxador	nome masculino	em|pu|xa|[dor]
empuxamento	nome masculino	em|pu|xa|[men]|to
empuxão	nome masculino	em|pu|[xão]
empuxar	verbo	em|pu|[xar]
empuxo	nome masculino	em|[pu]|xo
emscheriano	adjetivo	ems|che|ri|[a]|no
emsiano	adjetivo	em|si|[a]|no
emudecer	verbo	e|mu|de|[cer]
emudecido	adjetivo	e|mu|de|[ci]|do
emudecimento	nome masculino	e|mu|de|ci|[men]|to
emulação	nome feminino	e|mu|la|[ção]
emulador	adjetivo	e|mu|la|[dor]
emulador	nome masculino	e|mu|la|[dor]
emuladora	nome feminino	e|mu|la|[do]|ra
emular	verbo	e|mu|[lar]
emulativo	adjetivo	e|mu|la|[ti]|vo
emulgente	adjetivo	e|mul|[gen]|te
emulgente	nome masculino	e|mul|[gen]|te
êmulo	adjetivo	[ê]|mu|lo
êmulo	nome masculino	[ê]|mu|lo
émulo	nome masculino	[é]|mu|lo
émulo	adjetivo	[é]|mu|lo
emulsão	nome feminino	e|mul|[são]
emulsificação	nome feminino	e|mul|si|fi|ca|[ção]
