encarcerar	verbo	en|car|ce|[rar]
encardido	adjetivo	en|car|[di]|do
encardimento	nome masculino	en|car|di|[men]|to
encardir	verbo	en|car|[dir]
encardumar	verbo	en|car|du|[mar]
encarecedor	adjetivo	en|ca|re|ce|[dor]
encarecedor	nome masculino	en|ca|re|ce|[dor]
encarecer	verbo	en|ca|re|[cer]
encarecidamente	advérbio	en|ca|re|ci|da|[men]|te
encarecido	adjetivo	en|ca|re|[ci]|do
encarecimento	nome masculino	en|ca|re|ci|[men]|to
encarentar	verbo	en|ca|ren|[tar]
encaretar	verbo	en|ca|re|[tar]
encargar	verbo	en|car|[gar]
encargo	nome masculino	en|[car]|go
encarijar	verbo	en|ca|ri|[jar]
encarna	nome feminino	en|[car]|na
encarnação	nome feminino	en|car|na|[ção]
encarnada	nome feminino	en|car|[na]|da
encarnado	adjetivo	en|car|[na]|do
encarnado	nome masculino	en|car|[na]|do
encarnador	nome masculino	en|car|na|[dor]
encarnar	verbo	en|car|[nar]
encarnativo	adjetivo	en|car|na|[ti]|vo
encarne	nome masculino	en|[car]|ne
encarneirar	verbo	en|car|nei|[rar]
encarniçadamente	advérbio	en|car|ni|ça|da|[men]|te
encarniçado	adjetivo	en|car|ni|[ça]|do
encarniçamento	nome masculino	en|car|ni|ça|[men]|to
encarniçar	verbo	en|car|ni|[çar]
encaro	nome masculino	en|[ca]|ro
encaroçada	nome feminino	en|ca|ro|[ça]|da
encaroçado	adjetivo	en|ca|ro|[ça]|do
encaroçar	verbo	en|ca|ro|[çar]
encarochar	verbo	en|ca|ro|[char]
encaroladeira	nome feminino	en|ca|ro|la|[dei]|ra
encarolar	verbo	en|ca|ro|[lar]
encarquilhado	adjetivo	en|car|qui|[lha]|do
encarquilhamento	nome masculino	en|car|qui|lha|[men]|to
encarquilhar	verbo	en|car|qui|[lhar]
encarradoiro	nome masculino	en|car|ra|[doi]|ro
encarradouro	nome masculino	en|car|ra|[dou]|ro
encarrancar	verbo	en|car|ran|[car]
encarrapichar	verbo	en|car|ra|pi|[char]
encarrapitar	verbo	en|car|ra|pi|[tar]
encarrar	verbo	en|car|[rar]
encarrascar	verbo	en|car|ras|[car]
encarraspanar	verbo	en|car|ras|pa|[nar]
encarregada	nome feminino	en|car|re|[ga]|da
encarregado	nome masculino	en|car|re|[ga]|do
encarregado	adjetivo	en|car|re|[ga]|do
encarregar	verbo	en|car|re|[gar]
encarrego	nome masculino	en|car|[re]|go
encarreiramento	nome masculino	en|car|rei|ra|[men]|to
encarreirar	verbo	en|car|rei|[rar]
encarretadeira	nome feminino	en|car|re|ta|[dei]|ra
encarretar	verbo	en|car|re|[tar]
encarrilar	verbo	en|car|ri|[lar]
encarrilhador	nome masculino	en|car|ri|lha|[dor]
encarrilhar	verbo	en|car|ri|[lhar]
encartação	nome feminino	en|car|ta|[ção]
encartada	nome feminino	en|car|[ta]|da
encartadeira	nome feminino	en|car|ta|[dei]|ra
encartado	adjetivo	en|car|[ta]|do
encartado	nome masculino	en|car|[ta]|do
encartamento	nome masculino	en|car|ta|[men]|to
encartar	verbo	en|car|[tar]
encarte	nome masculino	en|[car]|te
encartolar	verbo	en|car|to|[lar]
encartuchar	verbo	en|car|tu|[char]
encarvoador	adjetivo	en|car|vo|a|[dor]
encarvoar	verbo	en|car|vo|[ar]
encarvoejar	verbo	en|car|vo|e|[jar]
encarvoiçar	verbo	en|car|voi|[çar]
encasacado	adjetivo	en|ca|sa|[ca]|do
encasacamento	nome masculino	en|ca|sa|ca|[men]|to
encasacar	verbo	en|ca|sa|[car]
encasalar	verbo	en|ca|sa|[lar]
encasamento	nome masculino	en|ca|sa|[men]|to
encasar	verbo	en|ca|[sar]
encascado	adjetivo	en|cas|[ca]|do
encascalhamento	nome masculino	en|cas|ca|lha|[men]|to
encascalhar	verbo	en|cas|ca|[lhar]
encascamento	nome masculino	en|cas|ca|[men]|to
encascar	verbo	en|cas|[car]
encasmurrar	verbo	en|cas|mur|[rar]
encasque	nome masculino	en|[cas]|que
encasquetar	verbo	en|cas|que|[tar]
encasquilhar	verbo	en|cas|qui|[lhar]
encastalhar	verbo	en|cas|ta|[lhar]
encastalho	nome masculino	en|cas|[ta]|lho
encastelado	adjetivo	en|cas|te|[la]|do
encastelamento	nome masculino	en|cas|te|la|[men]|to
encastelar	verbo	en|cas|te|[lar]
encastoado	adjetivo	en|cas|to|[a]|do
encastoamento	nome masculino	en|cas|to|a|[men]|to
encastoar	verbo	en|cas|to|[ar]
encastrado	adjetivo	en|cas|[tra]|do
encastramento	nome masculino	en|cas|tra|[men]|to
encastrar	verbo	en|cas|[trar]
