encerebrar	verbo	en|ce|re|[brar]
enceroular	verbo	en|ce|rou|[lar]
encerra	nome feminino	en|[cer]|ra
encerrado	adjetivo	en|cer|[ra]|do
encerrador	adjetivo	en|cer|ra|[dor]
encerrador	nome masculino	en|cer|ra|[dor]
encerramento	nome masculino	en|cer|ra|[men]|to
encerrar	verbo	en|cer|[rar]
encerrável	adjetivo	en|cer|[rá]|vel
encerro	nome masculino	en|[cer]|ro
encestamento	nome masculino	en|ces|ta|[men]|to
encestar	verbo	en|ces|[tar]
encetado	adjetivo	en|ce|[ta]|do
encetadura	nome feminino	en|ce|ta|[du]|ra
encetamento	nome masculino	en|ce|ta|[men]|to
encetar	verbo	en|ce|[tar]
encetativo	adjetivo	en|ce|ta|[ti]|vo
encetável	adjetivo	en|ce|[tá]|vel
enchacotar	verbo	en|cha|co|[tar]
enchafurdamento	nome masculino	en|cha|fur|da|[men]|to
enchafurdar	verbo	en|cha|fur|[dar]
enchagado	adjetivo	en|cha|[ga]|do
enchamboado	adjetivo	en|cham|bo|[a]|do
enchamboar	verbo	en|cham|bo|[ar]
enchamejar	verbo	en|cha|me|[jar]
enchapelado	adjetivo	en|cha|pe|[la]|do
enchapinado	adjetivo	en|cha|pi|[na]|do
encharcada	nome feminino	en|char|[ca]|da
encharcadela	nome feminino	en|char|ca|[de]|la
encharcadiço	adjetivo	en|char|ca|[di]|ço
encharcado	adjetivo	en|char|[ca]|do
encharcamento	nome masculino	en|char|ca|[men]|to
encharcar	verbo	en|char|[car]
encharolar	verbo	en|cha|ro|[lar]
encharque	nome masculino	en|[char]|que
enchavetar	verbo	en|cha|ve|[tar]
enche-mão	nome masculino	en|che-mão
encheção	nome feminino	en|che|[ção]
enchedeira	nome feminino	en|che|[dei]|ra
enchedela	nome feminino	en|che|[de]|la
enchedor	adjetivo	en|che|[dor]
enchedor	nome masculino	en|che|[dor]
enchedouro	nome masculino	en|che|[dou]|ro
enchedura	nome feminino	en|che|[du]|ra
enchente	nome feminino	en|[chen]|te
enchente	adjetivo	en|[chen]|te
encher	verbo	en|[cher]
enchia	nome feminino	en|[chi]|a
enchicharrado	adjetivo	en|chi|char|[ra]|do
enchicharrar	verbo	en|chi|char|[rar]
enchido	nome masculino	en|[chi]|do
enchimarrar	verbo	en|chi|mar|[rar]
enchimento	nome masculino	en|chi|[men]|to
enchiqueirar	verbo	en|chi|quei|[rar]
enchó	nome feminino	en|[chó]
enchocalhação	nome feminino	en|cho|ca|lha|[ção]
enchocalhador	nome masculino	en|cho|ca|lha|[dor]
enchocalhar	verbo	en|cho|ca|[lhar]
enchoçar	verbo	en|cho|[çar]
enchoiriçar	verbo	en|choi|ri|[çar]
enchoupado	adjetivo	en|chou|[pa]|do
enchouriçado	adjetivo	en|chou|ri|[ça]|do
enchouriçar	verbo	en|chou|ri|[çar]
enchousar	verbo	en|chou|[sar]
enchova	nome feminino	en|[cho]|va
enchumaçamento	nome masculino	en|chu|ma|ça|[men]|to
enchumaçar	verbo	en|chu|ma|[çar]
enchumaço	nome masculino	en|chu|[ma]|ço
enchumbar	verbo	en|chum|[bar]
enchusmar	verbo	en|chus|[mar]
enciclia	nome feminino	en|ci|[cli]|a
encíclica	nome feminino	en|[cí]|cli|ca
encíclico	adjetivo	en|[cí]|cli|co
enciclopédia	nome feminino	en|ci|clo|[pé]|di|a
enciclopédica	nome feminino	en|ci|clo|[pé]|di|ca
enciclopedicamente	advérbio	en|ci|clo|pe|di|ca|[men]|te
enciclopédico	adjetivo	en|ci|clo|[pé]|di|co
enciclopédico	nome masculino	en|ci|clo|[pé]|di|co
enciclopedismo	nome masculino	en|ci|clo|pe|[dis]|mo
enciclopedista	nome masculino	en|ci|clo|pe|[dis]|ta
enciclopedista	nome feminino	en|ci|clo|pe|[dis]|ta
enciclopedístico	adjetivo	en|ci|clo|pe|[dís]|ti|co
encieirar	verbo	en|ci|ei|[rar]
encilhada	nome feminino	en|ci|[lha]|da
encilhador	nome masculino	en|ci|lha|[dor]
encilhamento	nome masculino	en|ci|lha|[men]|to
encilhar	verbo	en|ci|[lhar]
encimado	nome masculino	en|ci|[ma]|do
encimado	adjetivo	en|ci|[ma]|do
encimar	verbo	en|ci|[mar]
encinchamento	nome masculino	en|cin|cha|[men]|to
encinchar	verbo	en|cin|[char]
encinhar	verbo	en|ci|[nhar]
encinho	nome masculino	en|[ci]|nho
encintar	verbo	en|cin|[tar]
encinzar	verbo	en|cin|[zar]
encinzeirado	adjetivo	en|cin|zei|[ra]|do
encinzentado	adjetivo	en|cin|zen|[ta]|do
encirrar	verbo	en|cir|[rar]
encistamento	nome masculino	en|cis|ta|[men]|to
