engonhar	verbo	en|go|[nhar]
engoniar	verbo	en|go|ni|[ar]
engorda	nome feminino	en|[gor]|da
engordamento	nome masculino	en|gor|da|[men]|to
engordar	verbo	en|gor|[dar]
engordo	nome masculino	en|[gor]|do
engordurado	adjetivo	en|gor|du|[ra]|do
engorduramento	nome masculino	en|gor|du|ra|[men]|to
engordurar	verbo	en|gor|du|[rar]
engorgido	adjetivo	en|gor|[gi]|do
engorgitar	verbo	en|gor|gi|[tar]
engorolar	verbo	en|go|ro|[lar]
engorovinhado	adjetivo	en|go|ro|vi|[nha]|do
engorra	nome feminino	en|[gor]|ra
engorrar	verbo	en|gor|[rar]
engos	nome masculino	[en]|gos
engra	nome feminino	[en]|gra
engraçada	nome feminino	en|gra|[ça]|da
engraçadamente	advérbio	en|gra|ça|da|[men]|te
engraçado	adjetivo	en|gra|[ça]|do
engraçado	nome masculino	en|gra|[ça]|do
engraçamento	nome masculino	en|gra|ça|[men]|to
engraçar	verbo	en|gra|[çar]
engradado	nome masculino	en|gra|[da]|do
engradado	adjetivo	en|gra|[da]|do
engradamento	nome masculino	en|gra|da|[men]|to
engradar	verbo	en|gra|[dar]
engradeamento	nome masculino	en|gra|de|a|[men]|to
engradear	verbo	en|gra|de|[ar]
engradecer	verbo	en|gra|de|[cer]
engraecer	verbo	en|gra|e|[cer]
engrama	nome masculino	en|[gra]|ma
engrampador	adjetivo	en|gram|pa|[dor]
engrampador	nome masculino	en|gram|pa|[dor]
engrampar	verbo	en|gram|[par]
engramponar	verbo	en|gram|po|[nar]
engrandecedor	adjetivo	en|gran|de|ce|[dor]
engrandecedor	nome masculino	en|gran|de|ce|[dor]
engrandecedora	nome feminino	en|gran|de|ce|[do]|ra
engrandecer	verbo	en|gran|de|[cer]
engrandecido	adjetivo	en|gran|de|[ci]|do
engrandecimento	nome masculino	en|gran|de|ci|[men]|to
engranzador	adjetivo	en|gran|za|[dor]
engranzador	nome masculino	en|gran|za|[dor]
engranzagem	nome feminino	en|gran|[za]|gem
engranzamento	nome masculino	en|gran|za|[men]|to
engranzar	verbo	en|gran|[zar]
engravatado	adjetivo	en|gra|va|[ta]|do
engravatar	verbo	en|gra|va|[tar]
engravescer	verbo	en|gra|ves|[cer]
engravidar	verbo	en|gra|vi|[dar]
engravidecer	verbo	en|gra|vi|de|[cer]
engravitar	verbo	en|gra|vi|[tar]
engraxa	nome masculino	en|[gra]|xa
engraxa	nome feminino	en|[gra]|xa
engraxadela	nome feminino	en|gra|xa|[de]|la
engraxado	adjetivo	en|gra|[xa]|do
engraxador	adjetivo	en|gra|xa|[dor]
engraxador	nome masculino	en|gra|xa|[dor]
engraxadora	nome feminino	en|gra|xa|[do]|ra
engraxadoria	nome feminino	en|gra|xa|do|[ri]|a
engraxamento	nome masculino	en|gra|xa|[men]|to
engraxanço	nome masculino	en|gra|[xan]|ço
engraxar	verbo	en|gra|[xar]
engraxate	nome masculino	en|gra|[xa]|te
engraxate	nome feminino	en|gra|[xa]|te
engrazar	verbo	en|gra|[zar]
engrazular	verbo	en|gra|zu|[lar]
engrelar	verbo	en|gre|[lar]
engrelhamento	nome masculino	en|gre|lha|[men]|to
engrelhar	verbo	en|gre|[lhar]
engrenagem	nome feminino	en|gre|[na]|gem
engrenamento	nome masculino	en|gre|na|[men]|to
engrenar	verbo	en|gre|[nar]
engrenhamento	nome masculino	en|gre|nha|[men]|to
engrenhar	verbo	en|gre|[nhar]
engrideira	nome feminino	en|gri|[dei]|ra
engrifamento	nome masculino	en|gri|fa|[men]|to
engrifar	verbo	en|gri|[far]
engrilar	verbo	en|gri|[lar]
engrimância	nome feminino	en|gri|[mân]|ci|a
engrimanço	nome masculino	en|gri|[man]|ço
engrimpar	verbo	en|grim|[par]
engrimpinar	verbo	en|grim|pi|[nar]
engrinaldado	adjetivo	en|gri|nal|[da]|do
engrinaldar	verbo	en|gri|nal|[dar]
engripado	adjetivo	en|gri|[pa]|do
engripar	verbo	en|gri|[par]
engrolado	adjetivo	en|gro|[la]|do
engrolador	adjetivo	en|gro|la|[dor]
engrolador	nome masculino	en|gro|la|[dor]
engrolar	verbo	en|gro|[lar]
engrolo	nome masculino	en|[gro]|lo
engroselhado	adjetivo	en|gro|se|[lha]|do
engrossador	adjetivo	en|gros|sa|[dor]
engrossador	nome masculino	en|gros|sa|[dor]
engrossamento	nome masculino	en|gros|sa|[men]|to
engrossar	verbo	en|gros|[sar]
engrotar	verbo	en|gro|[tar]
engrouvinhado	adjetivo	en|grou|vi|[nha]|do
