escadelecer	verbo	es|ca|de|le|[cer]
escadim	nome masculino	es|ca|[dim]
escadinha	nome feminino	es|ca|[di]|nha
escadinhola	nome feminino	es|ca|di|[nho]|la
escadório	nome masculino	es|ca|[dó]|ri|o
escadote	nome masculino	es|ca|[do]|te
escadraçar	verbo	es|ca|dra|[çar]
escafandrista	nome masculino	es|ca|fan|[dris]|ta
escafandrista	nome feminino	es|ca|fan|[dris]|ta
escafandro	nome masculino	es|ca|[fan]|dro
escafeder	verbo	es|ca|fe|[der]
escafelar	verbo	es|ca|fe|[lar]
escafelo	nome masculino	es|ca|[fe]|lo
escafocefalia	nome feminino	es|ca|fo|ce|fa|[li]|a
escafocéfalo	adjetivo	es|ca|fo|[cé]|fa|lo
escafoide	nome masculino	es|ca|[foi]|de
escafoide	adjetivo	es|ca|[foi]|de
escafópode	nome masculino	es|ca|[fó]|po|de
escafópode	adjetivo	es|ca|[fó]|po|de
escafulada	nome feminino	es|ca|fu|[la]|da
escagaçar	verbo	es|ca|ga|[çar]
escagarrinhar	verbo	es|ca|gar|ri|[nhar]
escãibo	nome masculino	es|[cãi]|bo
escaiola	nome feminino	es|cai|[o]|la
escaiolador	nome masculino	es|cai|o|la|[dor]
escaiolar	verbo	es|cai|o|[lar]
escala	nome feminino	es|[ca]|la
escalabitana	nome feminino	es|ca|la|bi|[ta]|na
escalabitano	adjetivo	es|ca|la|bi|[ta]|no
escalabitano	nome masculino	es|ca|la|bi|[ta]|no
escalada	nome feminino	es|ca|[la]|da
escalado	adjetivo	es|ca|[la]|do
escalador	adjetivo	es|ca|la|[dor]
escalador	nome masculino	es|ca|la|[dor]
escalafobético	adjetivo	es|ca|la|fo|[bé]|ti|co
escalafriado	adjetivo	es|ca|la|fri|[a]|do
escalafrio	nome masculino	es|ca|la|[fri]|o
escalamento	nome masculino	es|ca|la|[men]|to
escalão	nome masculino	es|ca|[lão]
escalar	adjetivo	es|ca|[lar]
escalar	verbo	es|ca|[lar]
escalar	nome masculino	es|ca|[lar]
escalável	adjetivo	es|ca|[lá]|vel
escalavrado	adjetivo	es|ca|la|[vra]|do
escalavradura	nome feminino	es|ca|la|vra|[du]|ra
escalavramento	nome masculino	es|ca|la|vra|[men]|to
escalavrar	verbo	es|ca|la|[vrar]
escalavro	nome masculino	es|ca|[la]|vro
escalda	nome feminino	es|[cal]|da
escalda	nome masculino	es|[cal]|da
escalda-favais	nome masculino	es|cal|da-fa|[vais]
escalda-favais	nome feminino	es|cal|da-fa|[vais]
escalda-pés	nome masculino	es|cal|da-pés
escalda-rabo	nome masculino	es|cal|da-ra|bo
escaldação	nome feminino	es|cal|da|[ção]
escaldadela	nome feminino	es|cal|da|[de]|la
escaldadiço	adjetivo	es|cal|da|[di]|ço
escaldado	adjetivo	es|cal|[da]|do
escaldado	nome masculino	es|cal|[da]|do
escaldador	adjetivo	es|cal|da|[dor]
escaldador	nome masculino	es|cal|da|[dor]
escaldadouro	nome masculino	es|cal|da|[dou]|ro
escaldadura	nome feminino	es|cal|da|[du]|ra
escaldante	adjetivo	es|cal|[dan]|te
escaldão	nome masculino	es|cal|[dão]
escaldar	verbo	es|cal|[dar]
escaldear	verbo	es|cal|de|[ar]
escaldeirar	verbo	es|cal|dei|[rar]
escaldo	nome masculino	es|[cal]|do
escaldune	adjetivo	es|cal|[du]|ne
escaldune	nome masculino	es|cal|[du]|ne
escaldune	nome feminino	es|cal|[du]|ne
escalduno	adjetivo	es|cal|[du]|no
escalduno	nome masculino	es|cal|[du]|no
escaleira	nome feminino	es|ca|[lei]|ra
escaleno	adjetivo	es|ca|[le]|no
escalenoedro	adjetivo	es|ca|le|no|[e]|dro
escalenoedro	nome masculino	es|ca|le|no|[e]|dro
escaler	nome masculino	es|ca|[ler]
escaletas	nome feminino	es|ca|[le]|tas
escalfado	adjetivo	es|cal|[fa]|do
escalfador	nome masculino	es|cal|fa|[dor]
escalfar	verbo	es|cal|[far]
escalfeta	nome feminino	es|cal|[fe]|ta
escalheiro	nome masculino	es|ca|[lhei]|ro
escalho	nome masculino	es|[ca]|lho
escaliçar	verbo	es|ca|li|[çar]
escalinata	nome feminino	es|ca|li|[na]|ta
escalmo	nome masculino	es|[cal]|mo
escalmorrado	adjetivo	es|cal|mor|[ra]|do
escalo	nome masculino	es|[ca]|lo
escalonado	adjetivo	es|ca|lo|[na]|do
escalonamento	nome masculino	es|ca|lo|na|[men]|to
escalonar	verbo	es|ca|lo|[nar]
escalope	nome masculino	es|ca|[lo]|pe
escalpação	nome feminino	es|cal|pa|[ção]
escalpamento	nome masculino	es|cal|pa|[men]|to
escalpar	verbo	es|cal|[par]
escalpe	nome masculino	es|[cal]|pe
escalpelada	nome feminino	es|cal|pe|[la]|da
