escarnecer	verbo	es|car|ne|[cer]
escarnecimento	nome masculino	es|car|ne|ci|[men]|to
escarnecível	adjetivo	es|car|ne|[cí]|vel
escarniar	verbo	es|car|ni|[ar]
escarnicação	nome feminino	es|car|ni|ca|[ção]
escarnicador	adjetivo	es|car|ni|ca|[dor]
escarnicador	nome masculino	es|car|ni|ca|[dor]
escarnicar	verbo	es|car|ni|[car]
escarnificação	nome feminino	es|car|ni|fi|ca|[ção]
escarnificar	verbo	es|car|ni|fi|[car]
escarninhar	verbo	es|car|ni|[nhar]
escarninho	adjetivo	es|car|[ni]|nho
escárnio	nome masculino	es|[cár]|ni|o
escarnir	verbo	es|car|[nir]
escarnito	nome masculino	es|car|[ni]|to
escaro	nome masculino	es|[ca]|ro
escaroçar	verbo	es|ca|ro|[çar]
escarola	nome feminino	es|ca|[ro]|la
escarolado	adjetivo	es|ca|ro|[la]|do
escarolador	nome masculino	es|ca|ro|la|[dor]
escarolar	verbo	es|ca|ro|[lar]
escarótico	adjetivo	es|ca|[ró]|ti|co
escarpa	nome feminino	es|[car]|pa
escarpada	nome feminino	es|car|[pa]|da
escarpado	adjetivo	es|car|[pa]|do
escarpado	nome masculino	es|car|[pa]|do
escarpadura	nome feminino	es|car|pa|[du]|ra
escarpamento	nome masculino	es|car|pa|[men]|to
escarpar	verbo	es|car|[par]
escarpear	verbo	es|car|pe|[ar]
escarpelada	nome feminino	es|car|pe|[la]|da
escarpelar	verbo	es|car|pe|[lar]
escarpes	nome masculino	es|[car]|pes
escarpim	nome masculino	es|car|[pim]
escarpina	nome feminino	es|car|[pi]|na
escarrachar	verbo	es|car|ra|[char]
escarradeira	nome feminino	es|car|ra|[dei]|ra
escarrado	adjetivo	es|car|[ra]|do
escarrador	nome masculino	es|car|ra|[dor]
escarradora	nome feminino	es|car|ra|[do]|ra
escarradura	nome feminino	es|car|ra|[du]|ra
escarramanado	adjetivo	es|car|ra|ma|[na]|do
escarramões	nome masculino	es|car|ra|[mões]
escarrancha	nome feminino	es|car|[ran]|cha
escarranchado	adjetivo	es|car|ran|[cha]|do
escarranchar	verbo	es|car|ran|[char]
escarrapachado	adjetivo	es|car|ra|pa|[cha]|do
escarrapachão	nome masculino	es|car|ra|pa|[chão]
escarrapachar	verbo	es|car|ra|pa|[char]
escarrapiçar	verbo	es|car|ra|pi|[çar]
escarrapichar	verbo	es|car|ra|pi|[char]
escarrar	verbo	es|car|[rar]
escarraria	nome feminino	es|car|ra|[ri]|a
escarro	nome masculino	es|[car]|ro
escarumar	verbo	es|ca|ru|[mar]
escarumba	nome masculino	es|ca|[rum]|ba
escarumba	nome feminino	es|ca|[rum]|ba
escarva	nome feminino	es|[car]|va
escarvador	nome masculino	es|car|va|[dor]
escarvalhado	nome masculino	es|car|va|[lha]|do
escarvalho	nome masculino	es|car|[va]|lho
escarvar	verbo	es|car|[var]
escarvoar	verbo	es|car|vo|[ar]
escascar	verbo	es|cas|[car]
escasquear	verbo	es|cas|que|[ar]
escassa	nome feminino	es|[cas]|sa
escassamente	advérbio	es|cas|sa|[men]|te
escassear	verbo	es|cas|se|[ar]
escassez	nome feminino	es|cas|[sez]
escasseza	nome feminino	es|cas|[se]|za
escassilhar	verbo	es|cas|si|[lhar]
escassilho	nome masculino	es|cas|[si]|lho
escassíssimo	adjetivo	es|cas|[sís]|si|mo
escasso	adjetivo	es|[cas]|so
escasso	nome masculino	es|[cas]|so
escatel	nome masculino	es|ca|[tel]
escatelador	nome masculino	es|ca|te|la|[dor]
escatelar	verbo	es|ca|te|[lar]
escatofagia	nome feminino	es|ca|to|fa|[gi]|a
escatófago	adjetivo	es|ca|[tó]|fa|go
escatofilia	nome feminino	es|ca|to|fi|[li]|a
escatófilo	adjetivo	es|ca|[tó]|fi|lo
escatófilo	nome masculino	es|ca|[tó]|fi|lo
escatol	nome masculino	es|ca|[tol]
escatologia	nome feminino	es|ca|to|lo|[gi]|a
escatológico	adjetivo	es|ca|to|[ló]|gi|co
escatoma	nome masculino	es|ca|[to]|ma
escatope	nome masculino	es|ca|[to]|pe
escátula	nome feminino	es|[cá]|tu|la
escauro	nome masculino	es|[cau]|ro
escava	nome feminino	es|[ca]|va
escava-terra	nome feminino	es|ca|va-ter|ra
escavacação	nome feminino	es|ca|va|ca|[ção]
escavacadela	nome feminino	es|ca|va|ca|[de]|la
escavacado	adjetivo	es|ca|va|[ca]|do
escavação	nome feminino	es|ca|va|[ção]
escavacar	verbo	es|ca|va|[car]
escavaçar	verbo	es|ca|va|[çar]
escavadeira	nome feminino	es|ca|va|[dei]|ra
escavador	nome masculino	es|ca|va|[dor]
