escrofulotuberculose	nome feminino	es|cro|fu|lo|tu|ber|cu|[lo]|se
escrópulo	nome masculino	es|[cró]|pu|lo
escroque	nome masculino	es|[cro]|que
escroqueria	nome feminino	es|cro|que|[ri]|a
escrotal	adjetivo	es|cro|[tal]
escroto	nome masculino	es|[cro]|to
escroto	adjetivo	es|[cro]|to
escrotocele	nome feminino	es|cro|to|[ce]|le
escrunchante	nome masculino	es|crun|[chan]|te
escrunchar	verbo	es|crun|[char]
escruncho	nome masculino	es|[crun]|cho
escrupularia	nome feminino	es|cru|pu|la|[ri]|a
escrupulear	verbo	es|cru|pu|le|[ar]
escrupulizador	adjetivo	es|cru|pu|li|za|[dor]
escrupulizador	nome masculino	es|cru|pu|li|za|[dor]
escrupulizar	verbo	es|cru|pu|li|[zar]
escrúpulo	nome masculino	es|[crú]|pu|lo
escrupulosa	nome feminino	es|cru|pu|[lo]|sa
escrupulosamente	advérbio	es|cru|pu|lo|sa|[men]|te
escrupulosidade	nome feminino	es|cru|pu|lo|si|[da]|de
escrupuloso	adjetivo	es|cru|pu|[lo]|so
escrupuloso	nome masculino	es|cru|pu|[lo]|so
escrutação	nome feminino	es|cru|ta|[ção]
escrutador	adjetivo	es|cru|ta|[dor]
escrutador	nome masculino	es|cru|ta|[dor]
escrutadora	nome feminino	es|cru|ta|[do]|ra
escrutar	verbo	es|cru|[tar]
escrutável	adjetivo	es|cru|[tá]|vel
escrutinação	nome feminino	es|cru|ti|na|[ção]
escrutinador	adjetivo	es|cru|ti|na|[dor]
escrutinador	nome masculino	es|cru|ti|na|[dor]
escrutinadora	nome feminino	es|cru|ti|na|[do]|ra
escrutinar	verbo	es|cru|ti|[nar]
escrutínio	nome masculino	es|cru|[tí]|ni|o
escudar	verbo	es|cu|[dar]
escudeirar	verbo	es|cu|dei|[rar]
escudeirático	adjetivo	es|cu|dei|[rá]|ti|co
escudeirice	nome feminino	es|cu|dei|[ri]|ce
escudeiril	adjetivo	es|cu|dei|[ril]
escudeiro	nome masculino	es|cu|[dei]|ro
escudela	nome feminino	es|cu|[de]|la
escudelada	nome feminino	es|cu|de|[la]|da
escudelar	verbo	es|cu|de|[lar]
escudeleiro	nome masculino	es|cu|de|[lei]|ro
escuderia	nome feminino	es|cu|de|[ri]|a
escudete	nome masculino	es|cu|[de]|te
escudilho	nome masculino	es|cu|[di]|lho
escudilhoso	adjetivo	es|cu|di|[lho]|so
escudinha	nome feminino	es|cu|[di]|nha
escudo	nome masculino	es|[cu]|do
escudrinhador	adjetivo	es|cu|dri|nha|[dor]
escudrinhador	nome masculino	es|cu|dri|nha|[dor]
escudrinhar	verbo	es|cu|dri|[nhar]
escuita	nome feminino	es|[cui]|ta
escuitar	verbo	es|cui|[tar]
esculácea	nome feminino	es|cu|[lá]|ce|a
esculachado	adjetivo	es|cu|la|[cha]|do
esculachar	verbo	es|cu|la|[char]
esculápio	nome masculino	es|cu|[lá]|pi|o
esculato	nome masculino	es|cu|[la]|to
esculca	nome feminino	es|[cul]|ca
esculca	nome masculino	es|[cul]|ca
esculcar	verbo	es|cul|[car]
esculento	adjetivo	es|cu|[len]|to
esculhambado	adjetivo	es|cu|lham|[ba]|do
esculhambar	verbo	es|cu|lham|[bar]
escúlico	adjetivo	es|[cú]|li|co
esculina	nome feminino	es|cu|[li]|na
esculpido	adjetivo	es|cul|[pi]|do
esculpidor	adjetivo	es|cul|pi|[dor]
esculpidor	nome masculino	es|cul|pi|[dor]
esculpimento	nome masculino	es|cul|pi|[men]|to
esculpir	verbo	es|cul|[pir]
esculpível	adjetivo	es|cul|[pí]|vel
escultor	nome masculino	es|cul|[tor]
escultora	nome feminino	es|cul|[to]|ra
escultórico	adjetivo	es|cul|[tó]|ri|co
escultura	nome feminino	es|cul|[tu]|ra
esculturação	nome feminino	es|cul|tu|ra|[ção]
escultural	adjetivo	es|cul|tu|[ral]
esculturalmente	advérbio	es|cul|tu|ral|[men]|te
esculturar	verbo	es|cul|tu|[rar]
escuma	nome feminino	es|[cu]|ma
escumação	nome feminino	es|cu|ma|[ção]
escumadeira	nome feminino	es|cu|ma|[dei]|ra
escumado	nome masculino	es|cu|[ma]|do
escumador	adjetivo	es|cu|ma|[dor]
escumador	nome masculino	es|cu|ma|[dor]
escumalha	nome feminino	es|cu|[ma]|lha
escumalho	nome masculino	es|cu|[ma]|lho
escumante	adjetivo	es|cu|[man]|te
escumar	verbo	es|cu|[mar]
escumarada	nome feminino	es|cu|ma|[ra]|da
escumilha	nome feminino	es|cu|[mi]|lha
escumilhar	verbo	es|cu|mi|[lhar]
escumoso	adjetivo	es|cu|[mo]|so
escuna	nome feminino	es|[cu]|na
escupir	verbo	es|cu|[pir]
escuramente	advérbio	es|cu|ra|[men]|te
escurão	nome masculino	es|cu|[rão]
