escurar	verbo	es|cu|[rar]
escuras	nome feminino	es|[cu]|ras
escurecedor	adjetivo	es|cu|re|ce|[dor]
escurecedor	nome masculino	es|cu|re|ce|[dor]
escurecer	verbo	es|cu|re|[cer]
escurecer	nome masculino	es|cu|re|[cer]
escurecimento	nome masculino	es|cu|re|ci|[men]|to
escurecível	adjetivo	es|cu|re|[cí]|vel
escurejar	verbo	es|cu|re|[jar]
escurentar	verbo	es|cu|ren|[tar]
escureza	nome feminino	es|cu|[re]|za
escuriço	adjetivo	es|cu|[ri]|ço
escuridade	nome feminino	es|cu|ri|[da]|de
escuridão	nome feminino	es|cu|ri|[dão]
escuro	adjetivo	es|[cu]|ro
escuro	nome masculino	es|[cu]|ro
escurra	nome masculino	es|[cur]|ra
escurril	adjetivo	es|cur|[ril]
escurrilidade	nome feminino	es|cur|ri|li|[da]|de
escusa	nome feminino	es|[cu]|sa
escusação	nome feminino	es|cu|sa|[ção]
escusadamente	advérbio	es|cu|sa|da|[men]|te
escusado	adjetivo	es|cu|[sa]|do
escusador	nome masculino	es|cu|sa|[dor]
escusamente	advérbio	es|cu|sa|[men]|te
escusar	verbo	es|cu|[sar]
escusatória	nome feminino	es|cu|sa|[tó]|ri|a
escusatório	adjetivo	es|cu|sa|[tó]|ri|o
escusável	adjetivo	es|cu|[sá]|vel
escuso	adjetivo	es|[cu]|so
escuso	nome masculino	es|[cu]|so
escusor	nome masculino	es|cu|[sor]
escuta	nome feminino	es|[cu]|ta
escuta	nome masculino	es|[cu]|ta
escutador	adjetivo	es|cu|ta|[dor]
escutador	nome masculino	es|cu|ta|[dor]
escutar	verbo	es|cu|[tar]
escuteira	nome feminino	es|cu|[tei]|ra
escuteirismo	nome masculino	es|cu|tei|[ris]|mo
escuteiro	adjetivo	es|cu|[tei]|ro
escuteiro	nome masculino	es|cu|[tei]|ro
escutela	nome feminino	es|cu|[te]|la
escutelária	nome feminino	es|cu|te|[lá]|ri|a
escutelarina	nome feminino	es|cu|te|la|[ri]|na
escutelídeo	nome masculino	es|cu|te|[lí]|de|o
escutelídeo	adjetivo	es|cu|te|[lí]|de|o
escutelo	nome masculino	es|cu|[te]|lo
escuterudite	nome feminino	es|cu|te|ru|[di]|te
escutiforme	adjetivo	es|cu|ti|[for]|me
escutismo	nome masculino	es|cu|[tis]|mo
escutista	nome masculino	es|cu|[tis]|ta
escutista	adjetivo	es|cu|[tis]|ta
escutista	nome feminino	es|cu|[tis]|ta
esdrúxula	nome feminino	es|[drú]|xu|la
esdruxulamente	advérbio	es|dru|xu|la|[men]|te
esdruxular	verbo	es|dru|xu|[lar]
esdruxularia	nome feminino	es|dru|xu|la|[ri]|a
esdruxulez	nome feminino	es|dru|xu|[lez]
esdruxulidade	nome feminino	es|dru|xu|li|[da]|de
esdruxulismo	nome masculino	es|dru|xu|[lis]|mo
esdruxulista	adjetivo	es|dru|xu|[lis]|ta
esdruxulista	nome masculino	es|dru|xu|[lis]|ta
esdruxulista	nome feminino	es|dru|xu|[lis]|ta
esdruxulização	nome feminino	es|dru|xu|li|za|[ção]
esdruxulizante	adjetivo	es|dru|xu|li|[zan]|te
esdruxulizante	nome masculino	es|dru|xu|li|[zan]|te
esdruxulizante	nome feminino	es|dru|xu|li|[zan]|te
esdruxulizar	verbo	es|dru|xu|li|[zar]
esdrúxulo	adjetivo	es|[drú]|xu|lo
esdrúxulo	nome masculino	es|[drú]|xu|lo
eserina	nome feminino	e|se|[ri]|na
esernino	adjetivo	e|ser|[ni]|no
esernino	nome masculino	e|ser|[ni]|no
esfacelado	adjetivo	es|fa|ce|[la]|do
esfacelamento	nome masculino	es|fa|ce|la|[men]|to
esfacelar	verbo	es|fa|ce|[lar]
esfacelária	nome feminino	es|fa|ce|[lá]|ri|a
esfacelo	nome masculino	es|fa|[ce]|lo
esfadigado	adjetivo	es|fa|di|[ga]|do
esfagnácea	nome feminino	es|fag|[ná]|ce|a
esfagno	nome masculino	es|[fag]|no
esfaimado	adjetivo	es|fai|[ma]|do
esfaimado	nome masculino	es|fai|[ma]|do
esfaimar	verbo	es|fai|[mar]
esfalcaçado	adjetivo	es|fal|ca|[ça]|do
esfalcar	verbo	es|fal|[car]
esfalerita	nome feminino	es|fa|le|[ri]|ta
esfalerite	nome feminino	es|fa|le|[ri]|te
esfalfação	nome feminino	es|fal|fa|[ção]
esfalfado	adjetivo	es|fal|[fa]|do
esfalfamento	nome masculino	es|fal|fa|[men]|to
esfalfante	adjetivo	es|fal|[fan]|te
esfalfar	verbo	es|fal|[far]
esfandegado	adjetivo	es|fan|de|[ga]|do
esfandegar	verbo	es|fan|de|[gar]
esfanicado	adjetivo	es|fa|ni|[ca]|do
esfanicar	verbo	es|fa|ni|[car]
esfaqueado	adjetivo	es|fa|que|[a]|do
esfaqueador	adjetivo	es|fa|que|a|[dor]
esfaqueador	nome masculino	es|fa|que|a|[dor]
