esfaqueamento	nome masculino	es|fa|que|a|[men]|to
esfaquear	verbo	es|fa|que|[ar]
esfarelado	adjetivo	es|fa|re|[la]|do
esfarelamento	nome masculino	es|fa|re|la|[men]|to
esfarelar	verbo	es|fa|re|[lar]
esfarfalhado	adjetivo	es|far|fa|[lha]|do
esfarfalhar	verbo	es|far|fa|[lhar]
esfarinhar	verbo	es|fa|ri|[nhar]
esfarpadela	nome feminino	es|far|pa|[de]|la
esfarpar	verbo	es|far|[par]
esfarpelar	verbo	es|far|pe|[lar]
esfarrapada	nome feminino	es|far|ra|[pa]|da
esfarrapadeira	nome feminino	es|far|ra|pa|[dei]|ra
esfarrapadela	nome feminino	es|far|ra|pa|[de]|la
esfarrapado	adjetivo	es|far|ra|[pa]|do
esfarrapado	nome masculino	es|far|ra|[pa]|do
esfarrapador	nome masculino	es|far|ra|pa|[dor]
esfarrapamento	nome masculino	es|far|ra|pa|[men]|to
esfarrapar	verbo	es|far|ra|[par]
esfarripador	nome masculino	es|far|ri|pa|[dor]
esfarripar	verbo	es|far|ri|[par]
esfasamento	nome masculino	es|fa|sa|[men]|to
esfatiar	verbo	es|fa|ti|[ar]
esfena	nome feminino	es|[fe]|na
esfênio	nome masculino	es|[fê]|ni|o
esfénio	nome masculino	es|[fé]|ni|o
esfeniscídeo	nome masculino	es|fe|nis|[cí]|de|o
esfeniscídeo	adjetivo	es|fe|nis|[cí]|de|o
esfeniscídeo	nome masculino	es|fe|nis|[cí]|de|o
esfenisciforme	nome masculino	es|fe|nis|ci|[for]|me
esfenisciforme	adjetivo	es|fe|nis|ci|[for]|me
esfeno	nome masculino	es|[fe]|no
esfenocefalia	nome feminino	es|fe|no|ce|fa|[li]|a
esfenocéfalo	adjetivo	es|fe|no|[cé]|fa|lo
esfenoedro	nome masculino	es|fe|no|[e]|dro
esfenoidal	adjetivo	es|fe|noi|[dal]
esfenoide	adjetivo	es|fe|[noi]|de
esfenoide	nome masculino	es|fe|[noi]|de
esfenóideo	adjetivo	es|fe|[nói]|de|o
esfenoidite	nome feminino	es|fe|noi|[di]|te
esfenótico	nome masculino	es|fe|[nó]|ti|co
esfenótribo	nome masculino	es|fe|[nó]|tri|bo
esfenotripsia	nome feminino	es|fe|no|trip|[si]|a
esfera	nome feminino	es|[fe]|ra
esferal	adjetivo	es|fe|[ral]
esféria	nome feminino	es|[fé]|ri|a
esferiácea	nome feminino	es|fe|ri|[á]|ce|a
esferiáceo	adjetivo	es|fe|ri|[á]|ce|o
esfericamente	advérbio	es|fe|ri|ca|[men]|te
esfericidade	nome feminino	es|fe|ri|ci|[da]|de
esférico	adjetivo	es|[fé]|ri|co
esférico	nome masculino	es|[fé]|ri|co
esferídeo	nome masculino	es|fe|[rí]|de|o
esferista	nome masculino	es|fe|[ris]|ta
esferista	nome feminino	es|fe|[ris]|ta
esferistério	nome masculino	es|fe|ris|[té]|ri|o
esferística	nome feminino	es|fe|[rís]|ti|ca
esferístico	adjetivo	es|fe|[rís]|ti|co
esferite	nome feminino	es|fe|[ri]|te
esferoblasto	adjetivo	es|fe|ro|[blas]|to
esferocéfalo	adjetivo	es|fe|ro|[cé]|fa|lo
esferócito	nome masculino	es|fe|[ró]|ci|to
esferocitose	nome feminino	es|fe|ro|ci|[to]|se
esferográfica	nome feminino	es|fe|ro|[grá]|fi|ca
esferográfico	adjetivo	es|fe|ro|[grá]|fi|co
esferoidal	adjetivo	es|fe|roi|[dal]
esferoide	adjetivo	es|fe|[roi]|de
esferoide	nome masculino	es|fe|[roi]|de
esferóideo	adjetivo	es|fe|[rói]|de|o
esferólito	nome masculino	es|fe|[ró]|li|to
esferométrico	adjetivo	es|fe|ro|[mé]|tri|co
esferômetro	nome masculino	es|fe|[rô]|me|tro
esferómetro	nome masculino	es|fe|[ró]|me|tro
esferossiderite	nome feminino	es|fe|ros|si|de|[ri]|te
esferostilbite	nome feminino	es|fe|ros|til|[bi]|te
esferovite	nome feminino	es|fe|ro|[vi]|te
esférula	nome feminino	es|[fé]|ru|la
esfervelho	nome masculino	es|fer|[ve]|lho
esfervilhador	adjetivo	es|fer|vi|lha|[dor]
esfervilhar	verbo	es|fer|vi|[lhar]
esfiada	nome feminino	es|fi|[a]|da
esfiado	adjetivo	es|fi|[a]|do
esfiampar	verbo	es|fi|am|[par]
esfiapar	verbo	es|fi|a|[par]
esfiar	verbo	es|fi|[ar]
esfibrar	verbo	es|fi|[brar]
esfígmico	adjetivo	es|[fíg]|mi|co
esfigmofone	nome masculino	es|fig|mo|[fo]|ne
esfigmofonia	nome feminino	es|fig|mo|fo|[ni]|a
esfigmofônico	adjetivo	es|fig|mo|[fô]|ni|co
esfigmofónico	adjetivo	es|fig|mo|[fó]|ni|co
esfigmografia	nome feminino	es|fig|mo|gra|[fi]|a
esfigmográfico	adjetivo	es|fig|mo|[grá]|fi|co
esfigmógrafo	nome masculino	es|fig|[mó]|gra|fo
esfigmograma	nome masculino	es|fig|mo|[gra]|ma
esfigmologia	nome feminino	es|fig|mo|lo|[gi]|a
esfigmológico	adjetivo	es|fig|mo|[ló]|gi|co
esfigmomanometria	nome feminino	es|fig|mo|ma|no|me|[tri]|a
esfigmomanométrico	adjetivo	es|fig|mo|ma|no|[mé]|tri|co
esfigmomanómetro	nome masculino	es|fig|mo|ma|[nó]|me|tro
