esfigmomanômetro	nome masculino	es|fig|mo|ma|[nô]|me|tro
esfigmometria	nome feminino	es|fig|mo|me|[tri]|a
esfigmométrico	adjetivo	es|fig|mo|[mé]|tri|co
esfigmómetro	nome masculino	es|fig|[mó]|me|tro
esfigmômetro	nome masculino	es|fig|[mô]|me|tro
esfíncter	nome masculino	es|[fínc]|ter
esfincteral	adjetivo	es|finc|te|[ral]
esfincteralgia	nome feminino	es|finc|te|ral|[gi]|a
esfincterálgico	adjetivo	es|finc|te|[rál]|gi|co
esfincteriano	adjetivo	es|finc|te|ri|[a]|no
esfincterismo	nome masculino	es|finc|te|[ris]|mo
esfincterotomia	nome feminino	es|finc|te|ro|to|[mi]|a
esfinge	nome feminino	es|[fin]|ge
esfinge-caveira	nome feminino	es|fin|ge-ca|[vei]|ra
esfingicamente	advérbio	es|fin|gi|ca|[men]|te
esfíngico	adjetivo	es|[fín]|gi|co
esfíngida	nome masculino	es|[fín]|gi|da
esfingídeo	nome masculino	es|fin|[gí]|de|o
esfingídeo	adjetivo	es|fin|[gí]|de|o
esfirena	nome masculino	es|fi|[re]|na
esfirenídeo	nome masculino	es|fi|re|[ní]|de|o
esfirenídeo	nome masculino	es|fi|re|[ní]|de|o
esfirenídeo	adjetivo	es|fi|re|[ní]|de|o
esfloramento	nome masculino	es|flo|ra|[men]|to
esflorar	verbo	es|flo|[rar]
esfoçador	nome masculino	es|fo|ça|[dor]
esfoçar	verbo	es|fo|[çar]
esfocinhar	verbo	es|fo|ci|[nhar]
esfogueado	adjetivo	es|fo|gue|[a]|do
esfoguear	verbo	es|fo|gue|[ar]
esfoguetear	verbo	es|fo|gue|te|[ar]
esfoiçar	verbo	es|foi|[çar]
esfola	nome masculino	es|[fo]|la
esfola	nome feminino	es|[fo]|la
esfola-bainha	nome feminino	es|fo|la-ba|[i]|nha
esfola-vaca	nome masculino	es|fo|la-va|ca
esfolação	nome feminino	es|fo|la|[ção]
esfoladela	nome feminino	es|fo|la|[de]|la
esfoladiço	adjetivo	es|fo|la|[di]|ço
esfolado	adjetivo	es|fo|[la]|do
esfolado	nome masculino	es|fo|[la]|do
esfolador	nome masculino	es|fo|la|[dor]
esfolador	adjetivo	es|fo|la|[dor]
esfoladora	nome feminino	es|fo|la|[do]|ra
esfoladouro	nome masculino	es|fo|la|[dou]|ro
esfoladura	nome masculino	es|fo|la|[du]|ra
esfoladura	nome feminino	es|fo|la|[du]|ra
esfolamento	nome masculino	es|fo|la|[men]|to
esfolar	verbo	es|fo|[lar]
esfolável	adjetivo	es|fo|[lá]|vel
esfolegar	verbo	es|fo|le|[gar]
esfolha	nome feminino	es|[fo]|lha
esfolhaçar	verbo	es|fo|lha|[çar]
esfolhada	nome feminino	es|fo|[lha]|da
esfolhadela	nome feminino	es|fo|lha|[de]|la
esfolhador	adjetivo	es|fo|lha|[dor]
esfolhador	nome masculino	es|fo|lha|[dor]
esfolhar	verbo	es|fo|[lhar]
esfolhear	verbo	es|fo|lhe|[ar]
esfolhoso	adjetivo	es|fo|[lho]|so
esfoliação	nome feminino	es|fo|li|a|[ção]
esfoliado	adjetivo	es|fo|li|[a]|do
esfoliante	nome masculino	es|fo|li|[an]|te
esfoliante	adjetivo	es|fo|li|[an]|te
esfoliar	verbo	es|fo|li|[ar]
esfoliativo	adjetivo	es|fo|li|a|[ti]|vo
esfomeação	nome feminino	es|fo|me|a|[ção]
esfomeada	nome feminino	es|fo|me|[a]|da
esfomeado	adjetivo	es|fo|me|[a]|do
esfomeado	nome masculino	es|fo|me|[a]|do
esfomear	verbo	es|fo|me|[ar]
esfondílio	nome masculino	es|fon|[dí]|li|o
esfondilomancia	nome feminino	es|fon|di|lo|man|[ci]|a
esfondilomante	nome masculino	es|fon|di|lo|[man]|te
esfondilomante	nome feminino	es|fon|di|lo|[man]|te
esfondilomântico	adjetivo	es|fon|di|lo|[mân]|ti|co
esforçada	nome feminino	es|for|[ça]|da
esforçadamente	advérbio	es|for|ça|da|[men]|te
esforçado	adjetivo	es|for|[ça]|do
esforçado	nome masculino	es|for|[ça]|do
esforçador	adjetivo	es|for|ça|[dor]
esforçador	nome masculino	es|for|ça|[dor]
esforçar	verbo	es|for|[çar]
esforço	nome masculino	es|[for]|ço
esforçoso	adjetivo	es|for|[ço]|so
esforricado	adjetivo	es|for|ri|[ca]|do
esforricar	verbo	es|for|ri|[car]
esfossador	adjetivo	es|fos|sa|[dor]
esfossador	nome masculino	es|fos|sa|[dor]
esfossar	verbo	es|fos|[sar]
esfossilizador	nome masculino	es|fos|si|li|za|[dor]
esfossilizar	verbo	es|fos|si|li|[zar]
esfouçar	verbo	es|fou|[çar]
esfragista	nome masculino	es|fra|[gis]|ta
esfragista	nome feminino	es|fra|[gis]|ta
esfragística	nome feminino	es|fra|[gís]|ti|ca
esfragístico	adjetivo	es|fra|[gís]|ti|co
esfraldar	verbo	es|fral|[dar]
esfraldicado	adjetivo	es|fral|di|[ca]|do
esfrançar	verbo	es|fran|[çar]
