esfrangalhar	verbo	es|fran|ga|[lhar]
esfrega	nome feminino	es|[fre]|ga
esfregação	nome feminino	es|fre|ga|[ção]
esfregaço	nome masculino	es|fre|[ga]|ço
esfregada	nome feminino	es|fre|[ga]|da
esfregadeira	nome feminino	es|fre|ga|[dei]|ra
esfregadela	nome feminino	es|fre|ga|[de]|la
esfregado	adjetivo	es|fre|[ga]|do
esfregado	nome masculino	es|fre|[ga]|do
esfregador	adjetivo	es|fre|ga|[dor]
esfregador	nome masculino	es|fre|ga|[dor]
esfregadura	nome feminino	es|fre|ga|[du]|ra
esfregalho	nome masculino	es|fre|[ga]|lho
esfregamento	nome masculino	es|fre|ga|[men]|to
esfreganço	nome masculino	es|fre|[gan]|ço
esfregão	nome masculino	es|fre|[gão]
esfregar	verbo	es|fre|[gar]
esfregável	adjetivo	es|fre|[gá]|vel
esfregona	nome feminino	es|fre|[go]|na
esfregulhar	verbo	es|fre|gu|[lhar]
esfria	nome masculino	es|[fri]|a
esfriado	adjetivo	es|fri|[a]|do
esfriadoiro	nome masculino	es|fri|a|[doi]|ro
esfriador	adjetivo	es|fri|a|[dor]
esfriador	nome masculino	es|fri|a|[dor]
esfriadouro	nome masculino	es|fri|a|[dou]|ro
esfriamento	nome masculino	es|fri|a|[men]|to
esfriante	adjetivo	es|fri|[an]|te
esfriar	verbo	es|fri|[ar]
esfrolamento	nome masculino	es|fro|la|[men]|to
esfrolante	adjetivo	es|fro|[lan]|te
esfrolar	verbo	es|fro|[lar]
esfugentar	verbo	es|fu|gen|[tar]
esfulinhar	verbo	es|fu|li|[nhar]
esfumaçado	adjetivo	es|fu|ma|[ça]|do
esfumaçamento	nome masculino	es|fu|ma|ça|[men]|to
esfumação	nome feminino	es|fu|ma|[ção]
esfumaçar	verbo	es|fu|ma|[çar]
esfumado	nome masculino	es|fu|[ma]|do
esfumado	adjetivo	es|fu|[ma]|do
esfumador	nome masculino	es|fu|ma|[dor]
esfumar	verbo	es|fu|[mar]
esfumarar	verbo	es|fu|ma|[rar]
esfumear	verbo	es|fu|me|[ar]
esfumilhar	verbo	es|fu|mi|[lhar]
esfuminhar	verbo	es|fu|mi|[nhar]
esfuminho	nome masculino	es|fu|[mi]|nho
esfuracar	verbo	es|fu|ra|[car]
esfuziada	nome feminino	es|fu|zi|[a]|da
esfuziante	adjetivo	es|fu|zi|[an]|te
esfuziantemente	advérbio	es|fu|zi|an|te|[men]|te
esfuziar	verbo	es|fu|zi|[ar]
esfuzilar	verbo	es|fu|zi|[lar]
esfuziote	nome masculino	es|fu|zi|[o]|te
esgaçado	adjetivo	es|ga|[ça]|do
esgaçar	verbo	es|ga|[çar]
esgache	nome masculino	es|[ga]|che
esgadanhar	verbo	es|ga|da|[nhar]
esgadelhado	adjetivo	es|ga|de|[lha]|do
esgadelhar	verbo	es|ga|de|[lhar]
esgadunhar	verbo	es|ga|du|[nhar]
esgaiva	nome feminino	es|[gai]|va
esgaivar	verbo	es|gai|[var]
esgaivotado	adjetivo	es|gai|vo|[ta]|do
esgalamido	adjetivo	es|ga|la|[mi]|do
esgaldripar	verbo	es|gal|dri|[par]
esgalgado	adjetivo	es|gal|[ga]|do
esgalgar	verbo	es|gal|[gar]
esgalha	nome feminino	es|[ga]|lha
esgalhado	adjetivo	es|ga|[lha]|do
esgalhar	verbo	es|ga|[lhar]
esgalheiro	adjetivo	es|ga|[lhei]|ro
esgalho	nome masculino	es|[ga]|lho
esgalhudo	nome masculino	es|ga|[lhu]|do
esgalinhar	verbo	es|ga|li|[nhar]
esgalmido	adjetivo	es|gal|[mi]|do
esgana	nome feminino	es|[ga]|na
esgana-cão	nome masculino	es|ga|na-cão
esgana-gata	nome feminino	es|ga|na-ga|ta
esganação	nome feminino	es|ga|na|[ção]
esganada	nome feminino	es|ga|[na]|da
esganado	adjetivo	es|ga|[na]|do
esganado	nome masculino	es|ga|[na]|do
esganador	adjetivo	es|ga|na|[dor]
esganador	nome masculino	es|ga|na|[dor]
esganadura	nome feminino	es|ga|na|[du]|ra
esganar	verbo	es|ga|[nar]
esganarelo	nome masculino	es|ga|na|[re]|lo
esganiçadamente	advérbio	es|ga|ni|ça|da|[men]|te
esganiçado	adjetivo	es|ga|ni|[ça]|do
esganiçamento	nome masculino	es|ga|ni|ça|[men]|to
esganiçar	verbo	es|ga|ni|[çar]
esganiço	nome masculino	es|ga|[ni]|ço
esganinho	nome masculino	es|ga|[ni]|nho
esganitar	verbo	es|ga|ni|[tar]
esganosa	nome feminino	es|ga|[no]|sa
esganoso	nome masculino	es|ga|[no]|so
esganzarado	adjetivo	es|gan|za|[ra]|do
esgar	nome masculino	es|[gar]
esgarabulha	nome masculino	es|ga|ra|[bu]|lha
