esgarabulha	nome feminino	es|ga|ra|[bu]|lha
esgarabulhão	adjetivo	es|ga|ra|bu|[lhão]
esgarabulhão	nome masculino	es|ga|ra|bu|[lhão]
esgarabulhar	verbo	es|ga|ra|bu|[lhar]
esgarafunchar	verbo	es|ga|ra|fun|[char]
esgaratujar	verbo	es|ga|ra|tu|[jar]
esgaravanada	nome feminino	es|ga|ra|va|[na]|da
esgaravanar	verbo	es|ga|ra|va|[nar]
esgaravatação	nome feminino	es|ga|ra|va|ta|[ção]
esgaravatador	adjetivo	es|ga|ra|va|ta|[dor]
esgaravatador	nome masculino	es|ga|ra|va|ta|[dor]
esgaravatamento	nome masculino	es|ga|ra|va|ta|[men]|to
esgaravatana	nome feminino	es|ga|ra|va|[ta]|na
esgaravatar	verbo	es|ga|ra|va|[tar]
esgaravatear	verbo	es|ga|ra|va|te|[ar]
esgaravatil	nome masculino	es|ga|ra|va|[til]
esgaravelhar	verbo	es|ga|ra|ve|[lhar]
esgaravunhar	verbo	es|ga|ra|vu|[nhar]
esgarçado	adjetivo	es|gar|[ça]|do
esgarçadura	nome feminino	es|gar|ça|[du]|ra
esgarçamento	nome masculino	es|gar|ça|[men]|to
esgarçar	verbo	es|gar|[çar]
esgardunhar	verbo	es|gar|du|[nhar]
esgareiro	nome masculino	es|ga|[rei]|ro
esgargalado	adjetivo	es|gar|ga|[la]|do
esgargalar	verbo	es|gar|ga|[lar]
esgargalhar	verbo	es|gar|ga|[lhar]
esgarnacha	nome feminino	es|gar|[na]|cha
esgarnachar	verbo	es|gar|na|[char]
esgarrado	adjetivo	es|gar|[ra]|do
esgarranchar	verbo	es|gar|ran|[char]
esgarrão	adjetivo	es|gar|[rão]
esgarrão	nome masculino	es|gar|[rão]
esgarrar	verbo	es|gar|[rar]
esgatanhar	verbo	es|ga|ta|[nhar]
esgazeada	nome feminino	es|ga|ze|[a]|da
esgazeado	adjetivo	es|ga|ze|[a]|do
esgazeado	nome masculino	es|ga|ze|[a]|do
esgazear	verbo	es|ga|ze|[ar]
esgoelar	verbo	es|go|e|[lar]
esgorjado	adjetivo	es|gor|[ja]|do
esgorjar	verbo	es|gor|[jar]
esgotadíssimo	adjetivo	es|go|ta|[dís]|si|mo
esgotado	adjetivo	es|go|[ta]|do
esgotadoiro	nome masculino	es|go|ta|[doi]|ro
esgotador	adjetivo	es|go|ta|[dor]
esgotador	nome masculino	es|go|ta|[dor]
esgotadouro	nome masculino	es|go|ta|[dou]|ro
esgotadura	nome feminino	es|go|ta|[du]|ra
esgotamento	nome masculino	es|go|ta|[men]|to
esgotante	adjetivo	es|go|[tan]|te
esgotar	verbo	es|go|[tar]
esgotável	adjetivo	es|go|[tá]|vel
esgote	nome masculino	es|[go]|te
esgoteiro	nome masculino	es|go|[tei]|ro
esgoto	nome masculino	es|[go]|to
esgrafiar	verbo	es|gra|fi|[ar]
esgrafitar	verbo	es|gra|fi|[tar]
esgrafito	nome masculino	es|gra|[fi]|to
esgraminha	nome feminino	es|gra|[mi]|nha
esgraminhador	nome masculino	es|gra|mi|nha|[dor]
esgraminhar	verbo	es|gra|mi|[nhar]
esgravanada	nome feminino	es|gra|va|[na]|da
esgravanar	verbo	es|gra|va|[nar]
esgravatação	nome feminino	es|gra|va|ta|[ção]
esgravatador	adjetivo	es|gra|va|ta|[dor]
esgravatador	nome masculino	es|gra|va|ta|[dor]
esgravatamento	nome masculino	es|gra|va|ta|[men]|to
esgravatar	verbo	es|gra|va|[tar]
esgravatear	verbo	es|gra|va|te|[ar]
esgravelhar	verbo	es|gra|ve|[lhar]
esgravelho	nome masculino	es|gra|[ve]|lho
esgrelhar	verbo	es|gre|[lhar]
esgrilar	verbo	es|gri|[lar]
esgrima	nome feminino	es|[gri]|ma
esgrimidor	adjetivo	es|gri|mi|[dor]
esgrimidor	nome masculino	es|gri|mi|[dor]
esgrimidura	nome feminino	es|gri|mi|[du]|ra
esgrimir	verbo	es|gri|[mir]
esgrimista	nome masculino	es|gri|[mis]|ta
esgrimista	nome feminino	es|gri|[mis]|ta
esgrouviado	adjetivo	es|grou|vi|[a]|do
esgrouviar	verbo	es|grou|vi|[ar]
esgrouvinhado	adjetivo	es|grou|vi|[nha]|do
esgrouvinhar	verbo	es|grou|vi|[nhar]
esguardamento	nome masculino	es|guar|da|[men]|to
esguardar	verbo	es|guar|[dar]
esguardo	nome masculino	es|[guar]|do
esguedelhado	adjetivo	es|gue|de|[lha]|do
esguedelhar	verbo	es|gue|de|[lhar]
esgueira	nome feminino	es|[guei]|ra
esgueirão	nome masculino	es|guei|[rão]
esgueirar	verbo	es|guei|[rar]
esgueiriço	adjetivo	es|guei|[ri]|ço
esguelha	nome feminino	es|[gue]|lha
esguelhado	adjetivo	es|gue|[lha]|do
esguelhão	nome masculino	es|gue|[lhão]
esguelhar	verbo	es|gue|[lhar]
esguião	nome masculino	es|gui|[ão]
esguiar	verbo	es|gui|[ar]
