esmegmatite	nome feminino	es|meg|ma|[ti]|te
esmensurado	adjetivo	es|men|su|[ra]|do
esmeradamente	advérbio	es|me|ra|da|[men]|te
esmerado	adjetivo	es|me|[ra]|do
esmeralda	adjetivo	es|me|[ral]|da
esmeralda	nome feminino	es|me|[ral]|da
esmeralda	nome masculino	es|me|[ral]|da
esmeraldear	verbo	es|me|ral|de|[ar]
esmeraldense	adjetivo	es|me|ral|[den]|se
esmeraldense	nome masculino	es|me|ral|[den]|se
esmeraldense	nome feminino	es|me|ral|[den]|se
esmeraldino	adjetivo	es|me|ral|[di]|no
esmerar	verbo	es|me|[rar]
esmeril	nome masculino	es|me|[ril]
esmerilação	nome feminino	es|me|ri|la|[ção]
esmeriladeira	nome feminino	es|me|ri|la|[dei]|ra
esmerilador	adjetivo	es|me|ri|la|[dor]
esmerilador	nome masculino	es|me|ri|la|[dor]
esmerilagem	nome feminino	es|me|ri|[la]|gem
esmerilar	verbo	es|me|ri|[lar]
esmerilhação	nome feminino	es|me|ri|lha|[ção]
esmerilhador	adjetivo	es|me|ri|lha|[dor]
esmerilhador	nome masculino	es|me|ri|lha|[dor]
esmerilhão	nome masculino	es|me|ri|[lhão]
esmerilhar	verbo	es|me|ri|[lhar]
esmero	nome masculino	es|[me]|ro
esmético	adjetivo	es|[mé]|ti|co
esmifrar	verbo	es|mi|[frar]
esmigalhado	adjetivo	es|mi|ga|[lha]|do
esmigalhador	nome masculino	es|mi|ga|lha|[dor]
esmigalhadura	nome feminino	es|mi|ga|lha|[du]|ra
esmigalhamento	nome masculino	es|mi|ga|lha|[men]|to
esmigalhar	verbo	es|mi|ga|[lhar]
esmijaçar	verbo	es|mi|ja|[çar]
esmilacácea	nome feminino	es|mi|la|[cá]|ce|a
esmílace	nome masculino	es|[mí]|la|ce
esmilácea	nome feminino	es|mi|[lá]|ce|a
esmiláceo	adjetivo	es|mi|[lá]|ce|o
esmilacina	nome feminino	es|mi|la|[ci]|na
esmilacita	nome masculino	es|mi|la|[ci]|ta
esmilhar	verbo	es|mi|[lhar]
esminteu	adjetivo	es|min|[teu]
esminteu	nome masculino	es|min|[teu]
esmiolado	adjetivo	es|mi|o|[la]|do
esmiolar	verbo	es|mi|o|[lar]
esmirneu	nome masculino	es|mir|[neu]
esmirneu	adjetivo	es|mir|[neu]
esmírnio	nome masculino	es|[mír]|ni|o
esmirrar	verbo	es|mir|[rar]
esmiuçado	adjetivo	es|miu|[ça]|do
esmiuçador	adjetivo	es|miu|ça|[dor]
esmiuçador	nome masculino	es|miu|ça|[dor]
esmiuçamento	nome masculino	es|miu|ça|[men]|to
esmiuçar	verbo	es|miu|[çar]
esmiudamento	nome masculino	es|miu|da|[men]|to
esmiudar	verbo	es|miu|[dar]
esmiunçar	verbo	es|mi|un|[çar]
esmo	nome masculino	[es]|mo
esmocadela	nome feminino	es|mo|ca|[de]|la
esmocar	verbo	es|mo|[car]
esmochar	verbo	es|mo|[char]
esmoedor	adjetivo	es|mo|e|[dor]
esmoedor	nome masculino	es|mo|e|[dor]
esmoer	verbo	es|mo|[er]
esmoitar	verbo	es|moi|[tar]
esmola	nome feminino	es|[mo]|la
esmolador	adjetivo	es|mo|la|[dor]
esmolador	nome masculino	es|mo|la|[dor]
esmolambação	nome feminino	es|mo|lam|ba|[ção]
esmolambada	nome feminino	es|mo|lam|[ba]|da
esmolambado	adjetivo	es|mo|lam|[ba]|do
esmolambado	nome masculino	es|mo|lam|[ba]|do
esmolambar	verbo	es|mo|lam|[bar]
esmolante	adjetivo	es|mo|[lan]|te
esmolante	nome masculino	es|mo|[lan]|te
esmolante	nome feminino	es|mo|[lan]|te
esmolar	verbo	es|mo|[lar]
esmolaria	nome feminino	es|mo|la|[ri]|a
esmoleira	nome feminino	es|mo|[lei]|ra
esmoleiro	adjetivo	es|mo|[lei]|ro
esmoleiro	nome masculino	es|mo|[lei]|ro
esmolento	adjetivo	es|mo|[len]|to
esmoler	nome masculino	es|mo|[ler]
esmoler	adjetivo	es|mo|[ler]
esmoler	nome feminino	es|mo|[ler]
esmoler-mor	nome masculino	es|mo|ler-mor
esmoncadela	nome feminino	es|mon|ca|[de]|la
esmoncar	verbo	es|mon|[car]
esmondar	verbo	es|mon|[dar]
esmorçar	verbo	es|mor|[çar]
esmordaçar	verbo	es|mor|da|[çar]
esmordicar	verbo	es|mor|di|[car]
esmorecente	adjetivo	es|mo|re|[cen]|te
esmorecer	verbo	es|mo|re|[cer]
esmorecido	adjetivo	es|mo|re|[ci]|do
esmorecimento	nome masculino	es|mo|re|ci|[men]|to
esmormar	verbo	es|mor|[mar]
esmoronar	verbo	es|mo|ro|[nar]
esmorraçar	verbo	es|mor|ra|[çar]
esmossadela	nome feminino	es|mos|sa|[de]|la
