espadeira	nome feminino	es|pa|[dei]|ra
espadeirada	nome feminino	es|pa|dei|[ra]|da
espadeirão	nome masculino	es|pa|dei|[rão]
espadeirar	verbo	es|pa|dei|[rar]
espadeiro	nome masculino	es|pa|[dei]|ro
espadela	nome feminino	es|pa|[de]|la
espadelada	nome feminino	es|pa|de|[la]|da
espadeladeira	nome feminino	es|pa|de|la|[dei]|ra
espadeladoiro	nome masculino	es|pa|de|la|[doi]|ro
espadelador	nome masculino	es|pa|de|la|[dor]
espadeladouro	nome masculino	es|pa|de|la|[dou]|ro
espadelagem	nome feminino	es|pa|de|[la]|gem
espadelar	verbo	es|pa|de|[lar]
espadeleiro	nome masculino	es|pa|de|[lei]|ro
espadeta	nome feminino	es|pa|[de]|ta
espadice	nome masculino	es|pa|[di]|ce
espadíceo	adjetivo	es|pa|[dí]|ce|o
espadicifloro	adjetivo	es|pa|di|ci|[flo]|ro
espadilha	nome feminino	es|pa|[di]|lha
espadilha	nome masculino	es|pa|[di]|lha
espadilheiro	nome masculino	es|pa|di|[lhei]|ro
espadim	nome masculino	es|pa|[dim]
espadinha	nome feminino	es|pa|[di]|nha
espadista	nome masculino	es|pa|[dis]|ta
espadista	nome feminino	es|pa|[dis]|ta
espádua	nome feminino	es|[pá]|du|a
espaduar	verbo	es|pa|du|[ar]
espagíria	nome feminino	es|pa|[gí]|ri|a
espagírica	nome feminino	es|pa|[gí]|ri|ca
espagírico	adjetivo	es|pa|[gí]|ri|co
espagirismo	nome masculino	es|pa|gi|[ris]|mo
espagirista	nome masculino	es|pa|gi|[ris]|ta
espagirista	nome feminino	es|pa|gi|[ris]|ta
espaguete	nome masculino	es|pa|[gue]|te
espairecer	verbo	es|pai|re|[cer]
espairecimento	nome masculino	es|pai|re|ci|[men]|to
espajegar	verbo	es|pa|je|[gar]
espalda	nome feminino	es|[pal]|da
espaldão	nome masculino	es|pal|[dão]
espaldar	nome masculino	es|pal|[dar]
espaldear	verbo	es|pal|de|[ar]
espaldeira	nome feminino	es|pal|[dei]|ra
espaldeirada	nome feminino	es|pal|dei|[ra]|da
espaldeirar	verbo	es|pal|dei|[rar]
espaldeta	nome feminino	es|pal|[de]|ta
espaldete	nome masculino	es|pal|[de]|te
espalha	nome masculino	es|[pa]|lha
espalha-brasas	nome masculino	es|pa|lha-bra|sas
espalha-brasas	nome feminino	es|pa|lha-bra|sas
espalhada	nome feminino	es|pa|[lha]|da
espalhadeira	nome feminino	es|pa|lha|[dei]|ra
espalhado	nome masculino	es|pa|[lha]|do
espalhado	adjetivo	es|pa|[lha]|do
espalhadoira	nome feminino	es|pa|lha|[doi]|ra
espalhador	adjetivo	es|pa|lha|[dor]
espalhador	nome masculino	es|pa|lha|[dor]
espalhadora	nome feminino	es|pa|lha|[do]|ra
espalhadoura	nome feminino	es|pa|lha|[dou]|ra
espalhafatão	adjetivo	es|pa|lha|fa|[tão]
espalhafatar	verbo	es|pa|lha|fa|[tar]
espalhafato	nome masculino	es|pa|lha|[fa]|to
espalhafatosamente	advérbio	es|pa|lha|fa|to|sa|[men]|te
espalhafatoso	adjetivo	es|pa|lha|fa|[to]|so
espalhagação	nome feminino	es|pa|lha|ga|[ção]
espalhagar	verbo	es|pa|lha|[gar]
espalhamento	nome masculino	es|pa|lha|[men]|to
espalhanço	nome masculino	es|pa|[lhan]|ço
espalhar	verbo	es|pa|[lhar]
espalhável	adjetivo	es|pa|[lhá]|vel
espalho	nome masculino	es|[pa]|lho
espalmadamente	advérbio	es|pal|ma|da|[men]|te
espalmadeiro	nome masculino	es|pal|ma|[dei]|ro
espalmado	adjetivo	es|pal|[ma]|do
espalmador	adjetivo	es|pal|ma|[dor]
espalmador	nome masculino	es|pal|ma|[dor]
espalmar	verbo	es|pal|[mar]
espalto	nome masculino	es|[pal]|to
espampanante	adjetivo	es|pam|pa|[nan]|te
espampanar	verbo	es|pam|pa|[nar]
espamparar	verbo	es|pam|pa|[rar]
espanação	nome feminino	es|pa|na|[ção]
espanadela	nome feminino	es|pa|na|[de]|la
espanado	adjetivo	es|pa|[na]|do
espanador	nome masculino	es|pa|na|[dor]
espanar	verbo	es|pa|[nar]
espanascar	verbo	es|pa|nas|[car]
espanca-diabos	nome masculino	es|pan|ca-di|[a]|bos
espanca-numes	nome masculino	es|pan|ca-nu|mes
espancado	adjetivo	es|pan|[ca]|do
espancador	adjetivo	es|pan|ca|[dor]
espancador	nome masculino	es|pan|ca|[dor]
espancamento	nome masculino	es|pan|ca|[men]|to
espancar	verbo	es|pan|[car]
espandongado	adjetivo	es|pan|don|[ga]|do
espandongamento	nome masculino	es|pan|don|ga|[men]|to
espandongar	verbo	es|pan|don|[gar]
espanéfico	adjetivo	es|pa|[né]|fi|co
espanejador	adjetivo	es|pa|ne|ja|[dor]
espanejador	nome masculino	es|pa|ne|ja|[dor]
espanejamento	nome masculino	es|pa|ne|ja|[men]|to
