espanejar	verbo	es|pa|ne|[jar]
espanhol	nome masculino	es|pa|[nhol]
espanhol	adjetivo	es|pa|[nhol]
espanhola	nome feminino	es|pa|[nho]|la
espanholada	nome feminino	es|pa|nho|[la]|da
espanholado	adjetivo	es|pa|nho|[la]|do
espanholar	verbo	es|pa|nho|[lar]
espanholismo	nome masculino	es|pa|nho|[lis]|mo
espanholização	nome feminino	es|pa|nho|li|za|[ção]
espanholizar	verbo	es|pa|nho|li|[zar]
espanopneia	nome feminino	es|pa|nop|[nei]|a
espanopneico	adjetivo	es|pa|nop|[nei]|co
espanquear	verbo	es|pan|que|[ar]
espanta-boiada	nome masculino	es|pan|ta-boi|[a]|da
espanta-coió	nome masculino	es|pan|ta-coi|[ó]
espanta-lobos	nome masculino	es|pan|ta-lo|bos
espanta-pardais	nome masculino	es|pan|ta-par|[dais]
espanta-patrulha	nome masculino	es|pan|ta-pa|[tru]|lha
espanta-ratos	nome masculino	es|pan|ta-ra|tos
espantadiço	adjetivo	es|pan|ta|[di]|ço
espantado	adjetivo	es|pan|[ta]|do
espantador	adjetivo	es|pan|ta|[dor]
espantador	nome masculino	es|pan|ta|[dor]
espantalho	nome masculino	es|pan|[ta]|lho
espantar	verbo	es|pan|[tar]
espantável	adjetivo	es|pan|[tá]|vel
espanto	nome masculino	es|[pan]|to
espantosamente	advérbio	es|pan|to|sa|[men]|te
espantoso	adjetivo	es|pan|[to]|so
espapaçado	adjetivo	es|pa|pa|[ça]|do
espapaçar	verbo	es|pa|pa|[çar]
espapar	verbo	es|pa|[par]
espaparrado	adjetivo	es|pa|par|[ra]|do
esparadrapeiro	nome masculino	es|pa|ra|dra|[pei]|ro
esparadrapo	nome masculino	es|pa|ra|[dra]|po
esparavão	nome masculino	es|pa|ra|[vão]
esparavel	nome masculino	es|pa|ra|[vel]
esparavela	nome feminino	es|pa|ra|[ve]|la
esparaveleiro	nome masculino	es|pa|ra|ve|[lei]|ro
esparavonado	adjetivo	es|pa|ra|vo|[na]|do
esparçal	nome masculino	es|par|[çal]
esparceta	nome masculino	es|par|[ce]|ta
esparceta	nome feminino	es|par|[ce]|ta
esparceto	nome masculino	es|par|[ce]|to
esparciata	adjetivo	es|par|ci|[a]|ta
esparciata	nome masculino	es|par|ci|[a]|ta
esparciata	nome feminino	es|par|ci|[a]|ta
espardeque	nome masculino	es|par|[de]|que
esparela	nome feminino	es|pa|[re]|la
espargal	nome masculino	es|par|[gal]
esparganiácea	nome feminino	es|par|ga|ni|[á]|ce|a
esparganiáceo	adjetivo	es|par|ga|ni|[á]|ce|o
espargânio	nome masculino	es|par|[gâ]|ni|o
espargata	nome feminino	es|par|[ga]|ta
espargidor	adjetivo	es|par|gi|[dor]
espargimento	nome masculino	es|par|gi|[men]|to
espargir	verbo	es|par|[gir]
espargível	adjetivo	es|par|[gí]|vel
espargo	nome masculino	es|[par]|go
espargueira	nome feminino	es|par|[guei]|ra
esparguete	nome masculino	es|par|[gue]|te
esparguta	nome feminino	es|par|[gu]|ta
espárida	nome masculino	es|[pá]|ri|da
esparídeo	nome masculino	es|pa|[rí]|de|o
esparídeo	adjetivo	es|pa|[rí]|de|o
esparolado	adjetivo	es|pa|ro|[la]|do
esparra	nome feminino	es|[par]|ra
esparragão	nome masculino	es|par|ra|[gão]
esparragueira	nome feminino	es|par|ra|[guei]|ra
esparragueiro	nome masculino	es|par|ra|[guei]|ro
esparralhar	verbo	es|par|ra|[lhar]
esparramar	verbo	es|par|ra|[mar]
esparrame	nome masculino	es|par|[ra]|me
esparramo	nome masculino	es|par|[ra]|mo
esparrar	verbo	es|par|[rar]
esparregado	nome masculino	es|par|re|[ga]|do
esparregar	verbo	es|par|re|[gar]
esparrela	nome feminino	es|par|[re]|la
esparrimar	verbo	es|par|ri|[mar]
esparrinhar	verbo	es|par|ri|[nhar]
esparsa	nome feminino	es|[par]|sa
esparsamente	advérbio	es|par|sa|[men]|te
esparsifloro	adjetivo	es|par|si|[flo]|ro
esparsifólio	adjetivo	es|par|si|[fó]|li|o
esparso	adjetivo	es|[par]|so
espartal	nome masculino	es|par|[tal]
espartana	nome feminino	es|par|[ta]|na
espartanismo	nome masculino	es|par|ta|[nis]|mo
espartano	adjetivo	es|par|[ta]|no
espartano	nome masculino	es|par|[ta]|no
espartão	nome masculino	es|par|[tão]
espartaria	nome feminino	es|par|ta|[ri]|a
esparteína	nome feminino	es|par|te|[í]|na
esparteira	nome feminino	es|par|[tei]|ra
esparteiro	nome masculino	es|par|[tei]|ro
espartejar	verbo	es|par|te|[jar]
espartenhas	nome feminino	es|par|[te]|nhas
espartéolo	nome masculino	es|par|[té]|o|lo
espartilhado	adjetivo	es|par|ti|[lha]|do
espartilhamento	nome masculino	es|par|ti|lha|[men]|to
