espirícula	nome feminino	es|pi|[rí]|cu|la
espirídia	nome feminino	es|pi|[rí]|di|a
espirífero	adjetivo	es|pi|[rí]|fe|ro
espiriforme	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|[for]|me
espirilácea	nome feminino	es|pi|ri|[lá]|ce|a
espirilo	nome masculino	es|pi|[ri]|lo
espirilose	nome feminino	es|pi|ri|[lo]|se
espirita	adjetivo	es|pi|[ri]|ta
espirita	nome masculino	es|pi|[ri]|ta
espírita	adjetivo	es|[pí]|ri|ta
espírita	nome masculino	es|[pí]|ri|ta
espírita	nome feminino	es|[pí]|ri|ta
espirita	nome feminino	es|pi|[ri]|ta
espiritado	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|[ta]|do
espiritano	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|[ta]|no
espiritar	verbo	es|pi|ri|[tar]
espiriteira	nome feminino	es|pi|ri|[tei]|ra
espirítico	adjetivo	es|pi|[rí]|ti|co
espiritismo	nome masculino	es|pi|ri|[tis]|mo
espiritista	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|[tis]|ta
espiritista	nome masculino	es|pi|ri|[tis]|ta
espiritista	nome feminino	es|pi|ri|[tis]|ta
espiritizar	verbo	es|pi|ri|ti|[zar]
espírito	nome masculino	es|[pí]|ri|to
espírito-de-sal	nome masculino	es|pí|ri|to-de-sal
espírito-santense	nome masculino	es|pí|ri|to-san|[ten]|se
espírito-santense	adjetivo	es|pí|ri|to-san|[ten]|se
espírito-santense	nome feminino	es|pí|ri|to-san|[ten]|se
espiritoso	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|[to]|so
espirituado	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|tu|[a]|do
espiritual	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|tu|[al]
espiritual	nome masculino	es|pi|ri|tu|[al]
espiritualidade	nome feminino	es|pi|ri|tu|a|li|[da]|de
espiritualismo	nome masculino	es|pi|ri|tu|a|[lis]|mo
espiritualista	nome masculino	es|pi|ri|tu|a|[lis]|ta
espiritualista	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|tu|a|[lis]|ta
espiritualista	nome feminino	es|pi|ri|tu|a|[lis]|ta
espiritualização	nome feminino	es|pi|ri|tu|a|li|za|[ção]
espiritualizador	nome masculino	es|pi|ri|tu|a|li|za|[dor]
espiritualizador	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|tu|a|li|za|[dor]
espiritualizadora	nome feminino	es|pi|ri|tu|a|li|za|[do]|ra
espiritualizante	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|tu|a|li|[zan]|te
espiritualizar	verbo	es|pi|ri|tu|a|li|[zar]
espiritualizável	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|tu|a|li|[zá]|vel
espiritualmente	advérbio	es|pi|ri|tu|al|[men]|te
espirituosamente	advérbio	es|pi|ri|tu|o|sa|[men]|te
espirituosidade	nome feminino	es|pi|ri|tu|o|si|[da]|de
espirituoso	adjetivo	es|pi|ri|tu|[o]|so
espiróforo	nome masculino	es|pi|[ró]|fo|ro
espirogira	nome feminino	es|pi|ro|[gi]|ra
espirografia	nome feminino	es|pi|ro|gra|[fi]|a
espirográfico	adjetivo	es|pi|ro|[grá]|fi|co
espirógrafo	nome masculino	es|pi|[ró]|gra|fo
espiroide	adjetivo	es|pi|[roi]|de
espirometria	nome feminino	es|pi|ro|me|[tri]|a
espirométrico	adjetivo	es|pi|ro|[mé]|tri|co
espirômetro	nome masculino	es|pi|[rô]|me|tro
espirómetro	nome masculino	es|pi|[ró]|me|tro
espiroqueta	nome feminino	es|pi|ro|[que]|ta
espiroquetose	nome feminino	es|pi|ro|que|[to]|se
espiroscopia	nome feminino	es|pi|ros|co|[pi]|a
espiroscópico	adjetivo	es|pi|ros|[có]|pi|co
espiroscópio	nome masculino	es|pi|ros|[có]|pi|o
espirossomo	nome masculino	es|pi|ros|[so]|mo
espirra-bode	nome feminino	es|pir|ra-bo|de
espirra-canivetes	nome masculino	es|pir|ra-ca|ni|[ve]|tes
espirra-canivetes	nome feminino	es|pir|ra-ca|ni|[ve]|tes
espirradeira	nome feminino	es|pir|ra|[dei]|ra
espirrador	adjetivo	es|pir|ra|[dor]
espirrador	nome masculino	es|pir|ra|[dor]
espirrante	adjetivo	es|pir|[ran]|te
espirrar	verbo	es|pir|[rar]
espirrichar	verbo	es|pir|ri|[char]
espirro	nome masculino	es|[pir]|ro
espirrote	nome masculino	es|pir|[ro]|te
espiuncado	adjetivo	es|pi|un|[ca]|do
esplanada	nome feminino	es|pla|[na]|da
esplâncnico	adjetivo	es|[plânc]|ni|co
esplancnografia	nome feminino	es|planc|no|gra|[fi]|a
esplancnográfico	adjetivo	es|planc|no|[grá]|fi|co
esplancnologia	nome feminino	es|planc|no|lo|[gi]|a
esplancnológico	adjetivo	es|planc|no|[ló]|gi|co
esplancnopleura	nome feminino	es|planc|no|[pleu]|ra
esplancnoscopia	nome feminino	es|planc|nos|co|[pi]|a
esplancnoscópico	adjetivo	es|planc|nos|[có]|pi|co
esplancnotomia	nome feminino	es|planc|no|to|[mi]|a
esplancnotômico	adjetivo	es|planc|no|[tô]|mi|co
esplancnotómico	adjetivo	es|planc|no|[tó]|mi|co
esplandecência	nome feminino	es|plan|de|[cên]|ci|a
esplandecente	adjetivo	es|plan|de|[cen]|te
esplandecimento	nome masculino	es|plan|de|ci|[men]|to
esplenalgia	nome feminino	es|ple|nal|[gi]|a
esplenálgico	adjetivo	es|ple|[nál]|gi|co
esplendecência	nome feminino	es|plen|de|[cên]|ci|a
esplendecente	adjetivo	es|plen|de|[cen]|te
esplendecer	verbo	es|plen|de|[cer]
esplendecimento	nome masculino	es|plen|de|ci|[men]|to
esplendente	adjetivo	es|plen|[den]|te
esplender	verbo	es|plen|[der]
esplendidamente	advérbio	es|plen|di|da|[men]|te
