fecal	adjetivo	fe|[cal]
fecaloide	adjetivo	fe|ca|[loi]|de
fecha	nome feminino	[fe]|cha
fecha-fecha	nome masculino	fe|cha-fe|cha
fechação	nome feminino	fe|cha|[ção]
fechadíssimo	adjetivo	fe|cha|[dís]|si|mo
fechado	adjetivo	fe|[cha]|do
fechado	nome masculino	fe|[cha]|do
fechadora	nome feminino	fe|cha|[do]|ra
fechadura	nome feminino	fe|cha|[du]|ra
fechamento	nome masculino	fe|cha|[men]|to
fechar	verbo	fe|[char]
fecharia	nome feminino	fe|cha|[ri]|a
fecho	nome masculino	[fe]|cho
fecho-éclair	nome masculino	fe|cho-é|cla|ir
fecho-ecler	nome masculino	fe|cho-e|[cler]
fecial	nome masculino	fe|ci|[al]
fécula	nome feminino	[fé]|cu|la
fecularia	nome feminino	fe|cu|la|[ri]|a
feculência	nome feminino	fe|cu|[lên]|ci|a
feculento	adjetivo	fe|cu|[len]|to
feculista	nome masculino	fe|cu|[lis]|ta
feculista	nome feminino	fe|cu|[lis]|ta
feculoide	adjetivo	fe|cu|[loi]|de
feculométrico	adjetivo	fe|cu|lo|[mé]|tri|co
feculómetro	nome masculino	fe|cu|[ló]|me|tro
feculômetro	nome masculino	fe|cu|[lô]|me|tro
feculoso	adjetivo	fe|cu|[lo]|so
fecundação	nome feminino	fe|cun|da|[ção]
fecundador	adjetivo	fe|cun|da|[dor]
fecundador	nome masculino	fe|cun|da|[dor]
fecundadora	nome feminino	fe|cun|da|[do]|ra
fecundamente	advérbio	fe|cun|da|[men]|te
fecundante	adjetivo	fe|cun|[dan]|te
fecundar	verbo	fe|cun|[dar]
fecundativo	adjetivo	fe|cun|da|[ti]|vo
fecundável	adjetivo	fe|cun|[dá]|vel
fecundez	nome feminino	fe|cun|[dez]
fecúndia	nome feminino	fe|[cún]|di|a
fecundidade	nome feminino	fe|cun|di|[da]|de
fecundizante	adjetivo	fe|cun|di|[zan]|te
fecundizar	verbo	fe|cun|di|[zar]
fecundo	adjetivo	fe|[cun]|do
fedavelha	nome feminino	fe|da|[ve]|lha
feddayin	nome masculino	fed|day|in
fedega	nome feminino	fe|[de]|ga
fedegosa	nome feminino	fe|de|[go]|sa
fedegoso	adjetivo	fe|de|[go]|so
fedegoso	nome masculino	fe|de|[go]|so
fedelhice	nome feminino	fe|de|[lhi]|ce
fedelho	nome masculino	fe|[de]|lho
fedelhote	nome masculino	fe|de|[lho]|te
fedentina	nome feminino	fe|den|[ti]|na
fedentinoso	adjetivo	fe|den|ti|[no]|so
feder	verbo	fe|[der]
federação	nome feminino	fe|de|ra|[ção]
federada	nome feminino	fe|de|[ra]|da
federado	adjetivo	fe|de|[ra]|do
federado	nome masculino	fe|de|[ra]|do
federador	nome masculino	fe|de|ra|[dor]
federal	adjetivo	fe|de|[ral]
federal	nome masculino	fe|de|[ral]
federalismo	nome masculino	fe|de|ra|[lis]|mo
federalista	adjetivo	fe|de|ra|[lis]|ta
federalista	nome masculino	fe|de|ra|[lis]|ta
federalista	nome feminino	fe|de|ra|[lis]|ta
federalização	nome feminino	fe|de|ra|li|za|[ção]
federalizar	verbo	fe|de|ra|li|[zar]
federalmente	advérbio	fe|de|ral|[men]|te
federar	verbo	fe|de|[rar]
federativamente	advérbio	fe|de|ra|ti|va|[men]|te
federativo	adjetivo	fe|de|ra|[ti]|vo
fedevelha	nome feminino	fe|de|[ve]|lha
fedífrago	adjetivo	fe|[dí]|fra|go
fedinchar	verbo	fe|din|[char]
fedoca	nome feminino	fe|[do]|ca
fedor	nome masculino	fe|[dor]
fedorenta	nome feminino	fe|do|[ren]|ta
fedorentamente	advérbio	fe|do|ren|ta|[men]|te
fedorentina	nome feminino	fe|do|ren|[ti]|na
fedorento	adjetivo	fe|do|[ren]|to
fedriano	adjetivo	fe|dri|[a]|no
fedúcia	nome feminino	fe|[dú]|ci|a
fedúcia	nome masculino	fe|[dú]|ci|a
fedúncia	nome feminino	fe|[dún]|ci|a
fedúncia	nome masculino	fe|[dún]|ci|a
feedback	nome masculino	feed|back
feeling	nome masculino	[fee]|ling
feeria	nome feminino	fe|e|[ri]|a
feérico	adjetivo	fe|[é]|ri|co
féerie	nome feminino	fée|rie
fefetar	verbo	fe|fe|[tar]
feia	nome feminino	[fei]|a
feiamente	advérbio	fei|a|[men]|te
feião	adjetivo	fei|[ão]
feião	nome masculino	fei|[ão]
feiarrão	adjetivo	fei|ar|[rão]
feiarrão	nome masculino	fei|ar|[rão]
feição	nome feminino	fei|[ção]
feijão	nome masculino	fei|[jão]
