factorial	adjetivo	fac|to|ri|[al]
factorial	nome feminino	fac|to|ri|[al]
factoring	nome masculino	[fac]|to|ring
factorizar	verbo	fac|to|ri|[zar]
factoto	nome masculino	fac|[to]|to
factótum	nome masculino	fac|[tó]|tum
factual	adjetivo	fac|tu|[al]
factura	nome feminino	fac|[tu]|ra
facturamento	nome masculino	fac|tu|ra|[men]|to
façudo	adjetivo	fa|[çu]|do
fácula	nome feminino	[fá]|cu|la
faculdade	nome feminino	fa|cul|[da]|de
facultade	nome feminino	fa|cul|[ta]|de
facultado	adjetivo	fa|cul|[ta]|do
facultar	verbo	fa|cul|[tar]
facultativa	nome feminino	fa|cul|ta|[ti]|va
facultativamente	advérbio	fa|cul|ta|ti|va|[men]|te
facultativo	adjetivo	fa|cul|ta|[ti]|vo
facultativo	nome masculino	fa|cul|ta|[ti]|vo
facultável	adjetivo	fa|cul|[tá]|vel
facultoso	adjetivo	fa|cul|[to]|so
facúndia	nome feminino	fa|[cún]|di|a
facundidade	nome feminino	fa|cun|di|[da]|de
facundo	adjetivo	fa|[cun]|do
fada	nome feminino	[fa]|da
fadado	adjetivo	fa|[da]|do
fadar	verbo	fa|[dar]
fadário	nome masculino	fa|[dá]|ri|o
fadejar	verbo	fa|de|[jar]
fadiá	nome masculino	fa|di|[á]
fádico	adjetivo	[fá]|di|co
fadiga	nome feminino	fa|[di]|ga
fadigar	verbo	fa|di|[gar]
fadigosamente	advérbio	fa|di|go|sa|[men]|te
fadigoso	adjetivo	fa|di|[go]|so
fadinho	nome masculino	fa|[di]|nho
fadista	nome masculino	fa|[dis]|ta
fadista	nome feminino	fa|[dis]|ta
fadistagem	nome feminino	fa|dis|[ta]|gem
fadistal	adjetivo	fa|dis|[tal]
fadistão	nome masculino	fa|dis|[tão]
fadistar	verbo	fa|dis|[tar]
fadistice	nome feminino	fa|dis|[ti]|ce
fadistismo	nome masculino	fa|dis|[tis]|mo
fado	nome masculino	[fa]|do
faduncho	nome masculino	fa|[dun]|cho
faena	nome feminino	fa|[e]|na
fáeton	nome masculino	[fá]|e|ton
faetonte	nome masculino	fa|e|[ton]|te
faetonteu	adjetivo	fa|e|ton|[teu]
faetontídeo	nome feminino	fa|e|ton|[tí]|de|o
faetontídeo	adjetivo	fa|e|ton|[tí]|de|o
fafense	adjetivo	fa|[fen]|se
fafense	nome masculino	fa|[fen]|se
fafense	nome feminino	fa|[fen]|se
fafetine	nome masculino	fa|fe|[ti]|ne
fagácea	nome feminino	fa|[gá]|ce|a
fagáceo	adjetivo	fa|[gá]|ce|o
fagedena	nome feminino	fa|ge|[de]|na
fagedénico	adjetivo	fa|ge|[dé]|ni|co
fagedênico	adjetivo	fa|ge|[dê]|ni|co
fagedenismo	nome masculino	fa|ge|de|[nis]|mo
fagícola	adjetivo	fa|[gí]|co|la
fago	nome masculino	[fa]|go
fagocitário	adjetivo	fa|go|ci|[tá]|ri|o
fagócito	nome masculino	fa|[gó]|ci|to
fagocitose	nome feminino	fa|go|ci|[to]|se
fagólise	nome feminino	fa|[gó]|li|se
fagolítico	adjetivo	fa|go|[lí]|ti|co
fagomania	nome feminino	fa|go|ma|[ni]|a
fagonia	nome feminino	fa|go|[ni]|a
fagópiro	nome masculino	fa|[gó]|pi|ro
fagossoma	nome masculino	fa|gos|[so]|ma
fagote	nome masculino	fa|[go]|te
fagoterapia	nome feminino	fa|go|te|ra|[pi]|a
fagoterápico	adjetivo	fa|go|te|[rá]|pi|co
fagotista	nome masculino	fa|go|[tis]|ta
fagotista	nome feminino	fa|go|[tis]|ta
fagueiramente	advérbio	fa|guei|ra|[men]|te
fagueiro	adjetivo	fa|[guei]|ro
faguice	nome feminino	fa|[gui]|ce
fagulha	nome masculino	fa|[gu]|lha
fagulha	nome feminino	fa|[gu]|lha
fagulhação	nome feminino	fa|gu|lha|[ção]
fagulhante	adjetivo	fa|gu|[lhan]|te
fagulhar	verbo	fa|gu|[lhar]
fagulharia	nome feminino	fa|gu|lha|[ri]|a
fagulheiro	nome masculino	fa|gu|[lhei]|ro
fagulhento	adjetivo	fa|gu|[lhen]|to
fagundes	nome masculino	fa|[gun]|des
fahrenheit	adjetivo	fah|re|nheit
faia	nome masculino	[fai]|a
faia	nome feminino	[fai]|a
faia-branca	nome feminino	fai|a-bran|ca
faia-preta	nome feminino	fai|a-pre|ta
faial	nome masculino	fai|[al]
faialense	adjetivo	fai|a|[len]|se
faialense	nome masculino	fai|a|[len]|se
faialense	nome feminino	fai|a|[len]|se
faialita	nome feminino	fai|a|[li]|ta
