filocrático	adjetivo	fi|lo|[crá]|ti|co
filode	nome feminino	fi|[lo]|de
filodendro	nome masculino	fi|lo|[den]|dro
filodérmico	adjetivo	fi|lo|[dér]|mi|co
filodinasta	adjetivo	fi|lo|di|[nas]|ta
filodinasta	nome masculino	fi|lo|di|[nas]|ta
filodinasta	nome feminino	fi|lo|di|[nas]|ta
filódio	nome masculino	fi|[ló]|di|o
filodoxia	nome feminino	fi|lo|do|[xi]|a
filodoxo	nome masculino	fi|lo|[do]|xo
filófago	adjetivo	fi|[ló]|fa|go
filófago	nome masculino	fi|[ló]|fa|go
filogênese	nome feminino	fi|lo|[gê]|ne|se
filogénese	nome feminino	fi|lo|[gé]|ne|se
filogenesia	nome feminino	fi|lo|ge|ne|[si]|a
filogenésico	adjetivo	fi|lo|ge|[né]|si|co
filogenético	adjetivo	fi|lo|ge|[né]|ti|co
filogenia	nome feminino	fi|lo|ge|[ni]|a
filogenicamente	advérbio	fi|lo|ge|ni|ca|[men]|te
filogénico	adjetivo	fi|lo|[gé]|ni|co
filogênico	adjetivo	fi|lo|[gê]|ni|co
filogenista	nome masculino	fi|lo|ge|[nis]|ta
filogenista	nome feminino	fi|lo|ge|[nis]|ta
filogenitura	nome feminino	fi|lo|ge|ni|[tu]|ra
filoginia	nome feminino	fi|lo|gi|[ni]|a
filogínico	adjetivo	fi|lo|[gí]|ni|co
filógino	adjetivo	fi|[ló]|gi|no
filógino	nome masculino	fi|[ló]|gi|no
filoide	nome masculino	fi|[loi]|de
filóloga	nome feminino	fi|[ló]|lo|ga
filologia	nome feminino	fi|lo|lo|[gi]|a
filologicamente	advérbio	fi|lo|lo|gi|ca|[men]|te
filológico	adjetivo	fi|lo|[ló]|gi|co
filologismo	nome masculino	fi|lo|lo|[gis]|mo
filologista	nome masculino	fi|lo|lo|[gis]|ta
filologista	nome feminino	fi|lo|lo|[gis]|ta
filólogo	nome masculino	fi|[ló]|lo|go
filoma	nome masculino	fi|[lo]|ma
filomatia	nome feminino	fi|lo|ma|[ti]|a
filomático	adjetivo	fi|lo|[má]|ti|co
filomela	nome feminino	fi|lo|[me]|la
filoneísmo	nome masculino	fi|lo|ne|[ís]|mo
filoneísta	adjetivo	fi|lo|ne|[ís]|ta
filoneísta	nome masculino	fi|lo|ne|[ís]|ta
filoneísta	nome feminino	fi|lo|ne|[ís]|ta
filoniano	adjetivo	fi|lo|ni|[a]|no
filónio	nome masculino	fi|[ló]|ni|o
filônio	nome masculino	fi|[lô]|ni|o
filópode	nome masculino	fi|[ló]|po|de
filoprogenitivo	adjetivo	fi|lo|pro|ge|ni|[ti]|vo
filoptosia	nome feminino	fi|lop|to|[si]|a
filós	nome masculino	fi|[lós]
filosela	nome feminino	fi|lo|[se]|la
filoso	adjetivo	fi|[lo]|so
filósofa	nome feminino	fi|[ló]|so|fa
filosofal	adjetivo	fi|lo|so|[fal]
filosofante	adjetivo	fi|lo|so|[fan]|te
filosofante	nome masculino	fi|lo|so|[fan]|te
filosofante	nome feminino	fi|lo|so|[fan]|te
filosofar	verbo	fi|lo|so|[far]
filosofastro	nome masculino	fi|lo|so|[fas]|tro
filosofema	nome masculino	fi|lo|so|[fe]|ma
filosofia	nome feminino	fi|lo|so|[fi]|a
filosoficamente	advérbio	fi|lo|so|fi|ca|[men]|te
filosofice	nome feminino	fi|lo|so|[fi]|ce
filosófico	adjetivo	fi|lo|[só]|fi|co
filosofismo	nome masculino	fi|lo|so|[fis]|mo
filosofista	adjetivo	fi|lo|so|[fis]|ta
filosofista	nome masculino	fi|lo|so|[fis]|ta
filosofista	nome feminino	fi|lo|so|[fis]|ta
filósofo	adjetivo	fi|[ló]|so|fo
filósofo	nome masculino	fi|[ló]|so|fo
filosomia	nome feminino	fi|lo|so|[mi]|a
filossomo	nome masculino	fi|los|[so]|mo
filostomídeo	nome masculino	fi|los|to|[mí]|de|o
filóstomo	nome masculino	fi|[lós]|to|mo
filotáctico	adjetivo	fi|lo|[tác]|ti|co
filotático	adjetivo	fi|lo|[tá]|ti|co
filotaxia	nome feminino	fi|lo|ta|[xi]|a
filotecnia	nome feminino	fi|lo|tec|[ni]|a
filotécnico	adjetivo	fi|lo|[téc]|ni|co
filotimia	nome feminino	fi|lo|ti|[mi]|a
filotímico	adjetivo	fi|lo|[tí]|mi|co
filotraqueia	nome feminino	fi|lo|tra|[quei]|a
filoxantina	nome feminino	fi|lo|xan|[ti]|na
filoxera	nome feminino	fi|lo|[xe]|ra
filoxerado	adjetivo	fi|lo|xe|[ra]|do
filoxerar	verbo	fi|lo|xe|[rar]
filoxericida	adjetivo	fi|lo|xe|ri|[ci]|da
filoxericida	nome masculino	fi|lo|xe|ri|[ci]|da
filoxérico	adjetivo	fi|lo|[xé]|ri|co
filtração	nome feminino	fil|tra|[ção]
filtrado	adjetivo	fil|[tra]|do
filtrado	nome masculino	fil|[tra]|do
filtrador	nome masculino	fil|tra|[dor]
filtrador	adjetivo	fil|tra|[dor]
filtradora	nome feminino	fil|tra|[do]|ra
filtragem	nome feminino	fil|[tra]|gem
filtramento	nome masculino	fil|tra|[men]|to
filtrar	verbo	fil|[trar]
