formosentar	verbo	for|mo|sen|[tar]
formosina	nome feminino	for|mo|[si]|na
formosino	adjetivo	for|mo|[si]|no
formosino	nome masculino	for|mo|[si]|no
formoso	adjetivo	for|[mo]|so
formosura	nome feminino	for|mo|[su]|ra
fórmula	nome feminino	[fór]|mu|la
formulação	nome feminino	for|mu|la|[ção]
formulado	adjetivo	for|mu|[la]|do
formulador	nome masculino	for|mu|la|[dor]
formular	adjetivo	for|mu|[lar]
formular	verbo	for|mu|[lar]
formulário	nome masculino	for|mu|[lá]|ri|o
formularmente	advérbio	for|mu|lar|[men]|te
formulável	adjetivo	for|mu|[lá]|vel
formuleta	nome feminino	for|mu|[le]|ta
formulismo	nome masculino	for|mu|[lis]|mo
formulista	nome masculino	for|mu|[lis]|ta
formulista	nome feminino	for|mu|[lis]|ta
fornaça	nome feminino	for|[na]|ça
fornaceiro	nome masculino	for|na|[cei]|ro
fornaço	nome masculino	for|[na]|ço
fornada	nome feminino	for|[na]|da
fornal	nome feminino	for|[nal]
fornalha	nome feminino	for|[na]|lha
fornalheira	nome feminino	for|na|[lhei]|ra
fornalheiro	nome masculino	for|na|[lhei]|ro
fornear	verbo	for|ne|[ar]
fornecedor	adjetivo	for|ne|ce|[dor]
fornecedor	nome masculino	for|ne|ce|[dor]
fornecedora	nome feminino	for|ne|ce|[do]|ra
fornecer	verbo	for|ne|[cer]
fornecido	adjetivo	for|ne|[ci]|do
fornecimento	nome masculino	for|ne|ci|[men]|to
forneco	nome masculino	for|[ne]|co
forneira	nome feminino	for|[nei]|ra
forneirinha	nome feminino	for|nei|[ri]|nha
forneiro	nome masculino	for|[nei]|ro
fornejar	verbo	for|ne|[jar]
fornense	adjetivo	for|[nen]|se
fornense	nome masculino	for|[nen]|se
fornense	nome feminino	for|[nen]|se
fornicação	nome feminino	for|ni|ca|[ção]
fornicador	adjetivo	for|ni|ca|[dor]
fornicador	nome masculino	for|ni|ca|[dor]
fornicar	verbo	for|ni|[car]
fornicário	nome masculino	for|ni|[cá]|ri|o
fórnice	nome masculino	[fór]|ni|ce
fornício	nome masculino	for|[ní]|ci|o
fornicoques	nome masculino	for|ni|[co]|ques
fornido	adjetivo	for|[ni]|do
fornilha	nome feminino	for|[ni]|lha
fornilho	nome masculino	for|[ni]|lho
fornimento	nome masculino	for|ni|[men]|to
fornir	verbo	for|[nir]
forno	nome masculino	[for]|no
foro	nome masculino	[fo]|ro
forônida	nome masculino	fo|[rô]|ni|da
forónida	nome masculino	fo|[ró]|ni|da
foronídeo	nome masculino	fo|ro|[ní]|de|o
foronomia	nome feminino	fo|ro|no|[mi]|a
foronómico	adjetivo	fo|ro|[nó]|mi|co
foronômico	adjetivo	fo|ro|[nô]|mi|co
forqueadura	nome feminino	for|que|a|[du]|ra
forquear	verbo	for|que|[ar]
forqueta	nome feminino	for|[que]|ta
forquilha	nome feminino	for|[qui]|lha
forquilhar	verbo	for|qui|[lhar]
forquilheiro	nome masculino	for|qui|[lhei]|ro
forquilhoso	adjetivo	for|qui|[lho]|so
forra	nome feminino	[for]|ra
forra	adjetivo	[for]|ra
forra-gaitas	nome masculino	for|ra-gai|tas
forra-gaitas	nome feminino	for|ra-gai|tas
forração	nome feminino	for|ra|[ção]
forrado	adjetivo	for|[ra]|do
forrador	adjetivo	for|ra|[dor]
forrador	nome masculino	for|ra|[dor]
forrageador	nome masculino	for|ra|ge|a|[dor]
forrageal	nome masculino	for|ra|ge|[al]
forragear	verbo	for|ra|ge|[ar]
forrageira	nome feminino	for|ra|[gei]|ra
forrageiro	adjetivo	for|ra|[gei]|ro
forrageiro	nome masculino	for|ra|[gei]|ro
forragem	nome feminino	for|[ra]|gem
forraginoso	adjetivo	for|ra|gi|[no]|so
forrajoso	adjetivo	for|ra|[jo]|so
forramento	nome masculino	for|ra|[men]|to
forrar	verbo	for|[rar]
forreca	nome masculino	for|[re]|ca
forreca	nome feminino	for|[re]|ca
forreta	nome masculino	for|[re]|ta
forreta	nome feminino	for|[re]|ta
forretice	nome feminino	for|re|[ti]|ce
forrica	nome feminino	for|[ri]|ca
forricar	verbo	for|ri|[car]
forro	nome masculino	[for]|ro
forró	nome masculino	for|[ró]
forro	adjetivo	[for]|ro
forrobodó	nome masculino	for|ro|bo|[dó]
