fragmentar	verbo	frag|men|[tar]
fragmentariamente	advérbio	frag|men|ta|ri|a|[men]|te
fragmentário	adjetivo	frag|men|[tá]|ri|o
fragmentável	adjetivo	frag|men|[tá]|vel
fragmentismo	nome masculino	frag|men|[tis]|mo
fragmentista	nome masculino	frag|men|[tis]|ta
fragmentista	nome feminino	frag|men|[tis]|ta
fragmento	nome masculino	frag|[men]|to
frago	nome masculino	[fra]|go
fragor	nome masculino	fra|[gor]
fragorar	verbo	fra|go|[rar]
fragorosamente	advérbio	fra|go|ro|sa|[men]|te
fragoroso	adjetivo	fra|go|[ro]|so
fragosão	nome masculino	fra|go|[são]
fragosidade	nome feminino	fra|go|si|[da]|de
fragoso	adjetivo	fra|[go]|so
fragrância	nome feminino	fra|[grân]|ci|a
fragrante	adjetivo	fra|[gran]|te
frágua	nome feminino	[frá]|gua
fraguar	verbo	fra|[guar]
fraguear	verbo	fra|gue|[ar]
fraguedo	nome masculino	fra|[gue]|do
fragueira	nome feminino	fra|[guei]|ra
fragueirice	nome feminino	fra|guei|[ri]|ce
fragueiril	adjetivo	fra|guei|[ril]
fragueiro	adjetivo	fra|[guei]|ro
fragueiro	nome masculino	fra|[guei]|ro
fraguento	adjetivo	fra|[guen]|to
fraguice	nome feminino	fra|[gui]|ce
frágula	nome feminino	[frá]|gu|la
fragulho	nome masculino	fra|[gu]|lho
fragura	nome feminino	fra|[gu]|ra
frainel	nome masculino	frai|[nel]
fralda	nome feminino	[fral]|da
fraldão	nome masculino	fral|[dão]
fraldar	verbo	fral|[dar]
fraldário	nome masculino	fral|[dá]|ri|o
fraldear	verbo	fral|de|[ar]
fraldeiro	nome masculino	fral|[dei]|ro
fraldejar	verbo	fral|de|[jar]
fraldelim	nome masculino	fral|de|[lim]
fraldica	nome feminino	fral|[di]|ca
fraldicurto	adjetivo	fral|di|[cur]|to
fraldilha	nome feminino	fral|[di]|lha
fraldiqueira	nome feminino	fral|di|[quei]|ra
fraldiqueiro	adjetivo	fral|di|[quei]|ro
fraldiqueiro	nome masculino	fral|di|[quei]|ro
fraldisqueira	nome feminino	fral|dis|[quei]|ra
fraldisqueiro	adjetivo	fral|dis|[quei]|ro
fraldisqueiro	nome masculino	fral|dis|[quei]|ro
fraldoso	adjetivo	fral|[do]|so
framalha	nome feminino	fra|[ma]|lha
framboesa	nome feminino	fram|bo|[e]|sa
framboeseira	nome masculino	fram|bo|e|[sei]|ra
framboeseiro	nome masculino	fram|bo|e|[sei]|ro
framboesia	nome feminino	fram|bo|e|[si]|a
frâmea	nome feminino	[frâ]|me|a
framengo	adjetivo	fra|[men]|go
framengo	nome masculino	fra|[men]|go
frança	nome feminino	[fran]|ça
franca	nome feminino	[fran]|ca
frança	adjetivo	[fran]|ça
frança	nome masculino	[fran]|ça
franca	adjetivo	[fran]|ca
franca-tripa	nome feminino	fran|ca-tri|pa
francalete	nome masculino	fran|ca|[le]|te
francamente	advérbio	fran|ca|[men]|te
francear	verbo	fran|ce|[ar]
francela	nome feminino	fran|[ce]|la
francelha	nome feminino	fran|[ce]|lha
francelhice	nome feminino	fran|ce|[lhi]|ce
francelho	nome masculino	fran|[ce]|lho
francês	nome masculino	fran|[cês]
francês	adjetivo	fran|[cês]
francesa	nome feminino	fran|[ce]|sa
francesada	nome feminino	fran|ce|[sa]|da
francesia	nome feminino	fran|ce|[si]|a
francesiar	verbo	fran|ce|si|[ar]
francesice	nome feminino	fran|ce|[si]|ce
francesinha	nome feminino	fran|ce|[si]|nha
francesismo	nome masculino	fran|ce|[sis]|mo
francesista	nome masculino	fran|ce|[sis]|ta
francesista	nome feminino	fran|ce|[sis]|ta
francesmente	advérbio	fran|ces|[men]|te
franchado	adjetivo	fran|[cha]|do
franchinote	nome masculino	fran|chi|[no]|te
franchinótico	adjetivo	fran|chi|[nó]|ti|co
franchisada	nome feminino	fran|chi|[sa]|da
franchisado	nome masculino	fran|chi|[sa]|do
franchisador	nome masculino	fran|chi|sa|[dor]
franchise	nome masculino	fran|chi|se
franchising	nome masculino	fran|chi|sing
frância	nome feminino	[frân]|ci|a
frâncica	nome feminino	[frân]|ci|ca
frâncico	nome masculino	[frân]|ci|co
frâncico	adjetivo	[frân]|ci|co
frâncio	nome masculino	[frân]|ci|o
franciscana	nome feminino	fran|cis|[ca]|na
franciscanada	nome feminino	fran|cis|ca|[na]|da
franciscano	nome masculino	fran|cis|[ca]|no
