frangúlico	adjetivo	fran|[gú]|li|co
frangulina	nome feminino	fran|gu|[li]|na
franja	nome feminino	[fran]|ja
franjado	adjetivo	fran|[ja]|do
franjamento	nome masculino	fran|ja|[men]|to
franjar	verbo	fran|[jar]
franjeado	nome masculino	fran|je|[a]|do
franjear	verbo	fran|je|[ar]
franjeira	nome feminino	fran|[jei]|ra
franjosca	nome feminino	fran|[jos]|ca
frankênia	nome feminino	fran|[kê]|ni|a
frankeniácea	nome feminino	fran|ke|ni|[á]|ce|a
franklin	nome masculino	fran|klin
frankliniano	adjetivo	fran|kli|ni|a|no
franklinite	nome feminino	fran|kli|[ni]|te
franklinização	nome feminino	fran|kli|ni|za|[ção]
franqueado	adjetivo	fran|que|[a]|do
franquear	verbo	fran|que|[ar]
franqueável	adjetivo	fran|que|[á]|vel
franqueira	nome feminino	fran|[quei]|ra
franqueiro	adjetivo	fran|[quei]|ro
franqueiro	nome masculino	fran|[quei]|ro
franquelete	nome masculino	fran|que|[le]|te
franquénia	nome feminino	fran|[qué]|ni|a
franquênia	nome feminino	fran|[quê]|ni|a
franqueniácea	nome feminino	fran|que|ni|[á]|ce|a
franqueza	nome feminino	fran|[que]|za
franquia	nome feminino	fran|[qui]|a
franquiado	nome masculino	fran|qui|[a]|do
franquiador	nome masculino	fran|qui|a|[dor]
franquiar	verbo	fran|qui|[ar]
franquismo	nome masculino	fran|[quis]|mo
franquisque	nome masculino	fran|[quis]|que
franquista	adjetivo	fran|[quis]|ta
franquista	nome masculino	fran|[quis]|ta
franquista	nome feminino	fran|[quis]|ta
franzelinho	adjetivo	fran|ze|[li]|nho
franzéria	nome feminino	fran|[zé]|ri|a
franzido	nome masculino	fran|[zi]|do
franzido	adjetivo	fran|[zi]|do
franzimento	nome masculino	fran|zi|[men]|to
franzino	adjetivo	fran|[zi]|no
franzinote	adjetivo	fran|zi|[no]|te
franzir	verbo	fran|[zir]
fraque	nome masculino	[fra]|que
fraquear	verbo	fra|que|[ar]
fraqueira	nome feminino	fra|[quei]|ra
fraqueiro	adjetivo	fra|[quei]|ro
fraquejar	verbo	fra|que|[jar]
fraquete	adjetivo	fra|[que]|te
fraqueza	nome feminino	fra|[que]|za
fraquíssimo	adjetivo	fra|[quís]|si|mo
frasal	adjetivo	fra|[sal]
frasca	nome feminino	[fras]|ca
frascagem	nome feminino	fras|[ca]|gem
frascal	nome masculino	fras|[cal]
frascaria	nome feminino	fras|ca|[ri]|a
frascarice	nome feminino	fras|ca|[ri]|ce
frascário	adjetivo	fras|[cá]|ri|o
frasco	nome masculino	[fras]|co
frase	nome feminino	[fra]|se
fraseado	nome masculino	fra|se|[a]|do
fraseado	adjetivo	fra|se|[a]|do
fraseador	adjetivo	fra|se|a|[dor]
fraseador	nome masculino	fra|se|a|[dor]
frasear	verbo	fra|se|[ar]
fraseologia	nome feminino	fra|se|o|lo|[gi]|a
fraseologicamente	advérbio	fra|se|o|lo|gi|ca|[men]|te
fraseológico	adjetivo	fra|se|o|[ló]|gi|co
fraseólogo	nome masculino	fra|se|[ó]|lo|go
fraseomania	nome feminino	fra|se|o|ma|[ni]|a
frasicamente	advérbio	fra|si|ca|[men]|te
frásico	adjetivo	[frá]|si|co
frasismo	nome masculino	fra|[sis]|mo
frasista	nome masculino	fra|[sis]|ta
frasista	nome feminino	fra|[sis]|ta
frasniano	adjetivo	fras|ni|[a]|no
frasqueira	nome feminino	fras|[quei]|ra
frasqueiro	adjetivo	fras|[quei]|ro
frasqueiro	nome masculino	fras|[quei]|ro
frasquejar	verbo	fras|que|[jar]
frasqueta	nome feminino	fras|[que]|ta
fraterna	nome feminino	fra|[ter]|na
fraternal	adjetivo	fra|ter|[nal]
fraternalmente	advérbio	fra|ter|nal|[men]|te
fraternamente	advérbio	fra|ter|na|[men]|te
fraternidade	nome feminino	fra|ter|ni|[da]|de
fraternização	nome feminino	fra|ter|ni|za|[ção]
fraternizar	verbo	fra|ter|ni|[zar]
fraterno	adjetivo	fra|[ter]|no
fraticelo	nome masculino	fra|ti|[ce]|lo
fratria	nome feminino	fra|[tri]|a
fratriarco	nome masculino	fra|tri|[ar]|co
fratriático	adjetivo	fra|tri|[á]|ti|co
fratricida	adjetivo	fra|tri|[ci]|da
fratricida	nome masculino	fra|tri|[ci]|da
fratricida	nome feminino	fra|tri|[ci]|da
fratricídio	nome masculino	fra|tri|[cí]|di|o
frátrico	adjetivo	[frá]|tri|co
fratrissa	nome feminino	fra|[tris]|sa
