fratura	nome feminino	fra|[tu]|ra
fraturamento	nome masculino	fra|tu|ra|[men]|to
fraturante	adjetivo	fra|tu|[ran]|te
fraturar	verbo	fra|tu|[rar]
fraturável	adjetivo	fra|tu|[rá]|vel
fraudação	nome feminino	frau|da|[ção]
fraudador	adjetivo	frau|da|[dor]
fraudador	nome masculino	frau|da|[dor]
fraudadora	nome feminino	frau|da|[do]|ra
fraudar	verbo	frau|[dar]
fraudatório	adjetivo	frau|da|[tó]|ri|o
fraudável	adjetivo	frau|[dá]|vel
fraude	nome feminino	[frau]|de
fraudulência	nome feminino	frau|du|[lên]|ci|a
fraudulentamente	advérbio	frau|du|len|ta|[men]|te
fraudulento	adjetivo	frau|du|[len]|to
fraudulosamente	advérbio	frau|du|lo|sa|[men]|te
frauduloso	adjetivo	frau|du|[lo]|so
frauta	nome feminino	[frau]|ta
frauteado	adjetivo	frau|te|[a]|do
frautear	verbo	frau|te|[ar]
frauteiro	nome masculino	frau|[tei]|ro
fraxina	nome feminino	fra|[xi]|na
fraxinácea	nome feminino	fra|xi|[ná]|ce|a
fraxínea	nome feminino	fra|[xí]|ne|a
fraxinela	nome feminino	fra|xi|[ne]|la
fraxíneo	adjetivo	fra|[xí]|ne|o
fraxinícola	adjetivo	fra|xi|[ní]|co|la
fraxinina	nome feminino	fra|xi|[ni]|na
freada	nome feminino	fre|[a]|da
frear	verbo	fre|[ar]
freático	adjetivo	fre|[á]|ti|co
freatóbio	nome masculino	fre|a|[tó]|bi|o
frecha	nome feminino	[fre]|cha
frechada	nome feminino	fre|[cha]|da
frechal	nome masculino	fre|[chal]
frechar	verbo	fre|[char]
frecharia	nome feminino	fre|cha|[ri]|a
frecheira	nome feminino	fre|[chei]|ra
frecheiro	nome masculino	fre|[chei]|ro
freda	nome feminino	[fre]|da
frederico	nome masculino	fre|de|[ri]|co
free	nome masculino	[free]
freeiro	nome masculino	fre|[ei]|ro
freelance	nome masculino	free|lan|ce
freelance	nome feminino	free|lan|ce
freelancer	nome masculino	free|lan|cer
freelancer	nome feminino	free|lan|cer
freeware	nome masculino	free|wa|re
frega	nome feminino	[fre]|ga
fregata	nome feminino	fre|[ga]|ta
fregátida	adjetivo	fre|[gá]|ti|da
fregátida	nome feminino	fre|[gá]|ti|da
fregatídeo	nome masculino	fre|ga|[tí]|de|o
fregatídeo	adjetivo	fre|ga|[tí]|de|o
frege	nome masculino	[fre]|ge
frege-moscas	nome masculino	fre|ge-mos|cas
fregelano	adjetivo	fre|ge|[la]|no
fregelano	nome masculino	fre|ge|[la]|no
fregereba	nome feminino	fre|ge|[re]|ba
fregista	nome masculino	fre|[gis]|ta
fregona	nome feminino	fre|[go]|na
freguês	nome masculino	fre|[guês]
freguesa	nome feminino	fre|[gue]|sa
freguesia	nome feminino	fre|gue|[si]|a
frei	nome masculino	[frei]
freicha	nome feminino	[frei]|cha
freijó	nome masculino	frei|[jó]
freima	nome feminino	[frei]|ma
freimaço	nome masculino	frei|[ma]|ço
freimão	nome masculino	frei|[mão]
freimático	adjetivo	frei|[má]|ti|co
freio	nome masculino	[frei]|o
freira	nome feminino	[frei]|ra
freiral	adjetivo	frei|[ral]
freirar	verbo	frei|[rar]
freiraria	nome feminino	frei|ra|[ri]|a
freirático	adjetivo	frei|[rá]|ti|co
freirático	nome masculino	frei|[rá]|ti|co
freire	nome masculino	[frei]|re
freiria	nome feminino	frei|[ri]|a
freirice	nome feminino	frei|[ri]|ce
freirinha	nome feminino	frei|[ri]|nha
freixal	nome masculino	frei|[xal]
freixenista	adjetivo	frei|xe|[nis]|ta
freixenista	nome masculino	frei|xe|[nis]|ta
freixenista	nome feminino	frei|xe|[nis]|ta
freixial	nome masculino	frei|xi|[al]
freixiense	nome masculino	frei|xi|[en]|se
freixiense	adjetivo	frei|xi|[en]|se
freixiense	nome feminino	frei|xi|[en]|se
freixo	nome masculino	[frei]|xo
freixonista	nome masculino	frei|xo|[nis]|ta
freixonista	nome feminino	frei|xo|[nis]|ta
freixonista	adjetivo	frei|xo|[nis]|ta
freixonita	adjetivo	frei|xo|[ni]|ta
freixonita	nome masculino	frei|xo|[ni]|ta
freixonita	nome feminino	frei|xo|[ni]|ta
fremebundo	adjetivo	fre|me|[bun]|do
fremência	nome feminino	fre|[mên]|ci|a
