fundanense	nome masculino	fun|da|[nen]|se
fundanense	adjetivo	fun|da|[nen]|se
fundanense	nome feminino	fun|da|[nen]|se
fundanga	nome feminino	fun|[dan]|ga
fundano	adjetivo	fun|[da]|no
fundano	nome masculino	fun|[da]|no
fundão	nome masculino	fun|[dão]
fundar	verbo	fun|[dar]
fundável	adjetivo	fun|[dá]|vel
fundeado	adjetivo	fun|de|[a]|do
fundeadoiro	nome masculino	fun|de|a|[doi]|ro
fundeadouro	nome masculino	fun|de|a|[dou]|ro
fundear	verbo	fun|de|[ar]
fundego	nome masculino	fun|[de]|go
fundeira	nome feminino	fun|[dei]|ra
fundeiro	nome masculino	fun|[dei]|ro
fundeiro	adjetivo	fun|[dei]|ro
fundente	adjetivo	fun|[den]|te
fundente	nome masculino	fun|[den]|te
fundi	nome masculino	fun|[di]
fundiário	adjetivo	fun|di|[á]|ri|o
fundíbalo	nome masculino	fun|[dí]|ba|lo
fundibulário	nome masculino	fun|di|bu|[lá]|ri|o
fundíbulo	nome masculino	fun|[dí]|bu|lo
fundição	nome feminino	fun|di|[ção]
fundido	adjetivo	fun|[di]|do
fundidor	adjetivo	fun|di|[dor]
fundidor	nome masculino	fun|di|[dor]
fundidora	nome feminino	fun|di|[do]|ra
fundilhar	verbo	fun|di|[lhar]
fundilho	nome masculino	fun|[di]|lho
funding	nome masculino	[fun]|ding
fundinho	nome masculino	fun|[di]|nho
fundir	verbo	fun|[dir]
fundismo	nome masculino	fun|[dis]|mo
fundista	nome masculino	fun|[dis]|ta
fundista	nome feminino	fun|[dis]|ta
fundível	adjetivo	fun|[dí]|vel
fundo	advérbio	[fun]|do
fundo	nome masculino	[fun]|do
fundo	adjetivo	[fun]|do
fundoscopia	nome feminino	fun|dos|co|[pi]|a
fundujo	nome masculino	fun|[du]|jo
fundura	nome feminino	fun|[du]|ra
funé	nome masculino	fu|[né]
fúnebre	adjetivo	[fú]|ne|bre
funebremente	advérbio	fu|ne|bre|[men]|te
funel	nome masculino	fu|[nel]
funeral	adjetivo	fu|ne|[ral]
funeral	nome masculino	fu|ne|[ral]
funeralmente	advérbio	fu|ne|ral|[men]|te
funerária	nome feminino	fu|ne|[rá]|ri|a
funerariamente	advérbio	fu|ne|ra|ri|a|[men]|te
funerário	adjetivo	fu|ne|[rá]|ri|o
funereamente	advérbio	fu|ne|re|a|[men]|te
funéreo	adjetivo	fu|[né]|re|o
funestação	nome feminino	fu|nes|ta|[ção]
funestador	adjetivo	fu|nes|ta|[dor]
funestador	nome masculino	fu|nes|ta|[dor]
funestamente	advérbio	fu|nes|ta|[men]|te
funestar	verbo	fu|nes|[tar]
funesto	adjetivo	fu|[nes]|to
funéu	nome masculino	fu|[néu]
funga	nome feminino	[fun]|ga
fungação	nome feminino	fun|ga|[ção]
fungada	nome feminino	fun|[ga]|da
fungadeira	nome feminino	fun|ga|[dei]|ra
fungadela	nome feminino	fun|ga|[de]|la
fungagá	nome masculino	fun|ga|[gá]
fungalha	nome feminino	fun|[ga]|lha
fungalhada	nome feminino	fun|ga|[lha]|da
fungalheira	nome feminino	fun|ga|[lhei]|ra
fungalho	nome masculino	fun|[ga]|lho
fungante	adjetivo	fun|[gan]|te
fungão	adjetivo	fun|[gão]
fungão	nome masculino	fun|[gão]
fungar	verbo	fun|[gar]
fungibilidade	nome feminino	fun|gi|bi|li|[da]|de
fungicida	nome masculino	fun|gi|[ci]|da
fungicida	adjetivo	fun|gi|[ci]|da
fúngico	adjetivo	[fún]|gi|co
fungícola	adjetivo	fun|[gí]|co|la
fungiforme	adjetivo	fun|gi|[for]|me
fungina	nome feminino	fun|[gi]|na
fungita	nome masculino	fun|[gi]|ta
fungível	adjetivo	fun|[gí]|vel
fungo	nome masculino	[fun]|go
fungona	nome feminino	fun|[go]|na
fungosidade	nome feminino	fun|go|si|[da]|de
fungoso	adjetivo	fun|[go]|so
fungueiro	nome masculino	fun|[guei]|ro
funhir	verbo	fu|[nhir]
funho	nome masculino	[fu]|nho
funicular	nome masculino	fu|ni|cu|[lar]
funicular	adjetivo	fu|ni|cu|[lar]
funiculite	nome feminino	fu|ni|cu|[li]|te
funículo	nome masculino	fu|[ní]|cu|lo
funífero	adjetivo	fu|[ní]|fe|ro
funiforme	adjetivo	fu|ni|[for]|me
funil	nome masculino	fu|[nil]
