sabente	adjetivo	sa|[ben]|te
saber	verbo	sa|[ber]
saber	nome masculino	sa|[ber]
saber	verbo	sa|[ber]
saber-fazer	nome masculino	sa|ber-fa|[zer]
saber-viver	nome masculino	sa|ber-vi|[ver]
saberecar	verbo	sa|be|re|[car]
sabererecar	verbo	sa|be|re|re|[car]
sabereta	adjetivo	sa|be|[re]|ta
saberete	nome masculino	sa|be|[re]|te
sabeu	adjetivo	sa|[beu]
sabeu	nome masculino	sa|[beu]
sabi	adjetivo	sa|[bi]
sabiá	nome masculino	sa|bi|[á]
sábia	nome feminino	[sá]|bi|a
sabiá-guaçu	nome masculino	sa|bi|á-gua|[çu]
sabiácea	nome feminino	sa|bi|[á]|ce|a
sabiacica	nome masculino	sa|bi|a|[ci]|ca
sabiamente	advérbio	sa|bi|a|[men]|te
sabichã	nome feminino	sa|bi|[chã]
sabichão	adjetivo	sa|bi|[chão]
sabichão	nome masculino	sa|bi|[chão]
sabichar	verbo	sa|bi|[char]
sabichona	nome feminino	sa|bi|[cho]|na
sabichoso	adjetivo	sa|bi|[cho]|so
sabida	nome feminino	sa|[bi]|da
sabidamente	advérbio	sa|bi|da|[men]|te
sabidas	nome feminino	sa|[bi]|das
sabido	adjetivo	sa|[bi]|do
sabido	nome masculino	sa|[bi]|do
sabidório	nome masculino	sa|bi|[dó]|ri|o
sabina	nome feminino	sa|[bi]|na
sabinense	adjetivo	sa|bi|[nen]|se
sabiniano	adjetivo	sa|bi|ni|[a]|no
sabinismo	nome masculino	sa|bi|[nis]|mo
sabino	nome masculino	sa|[bi]|no
sabino	adjetivo	sa|[bi]|no
sabinopolitano	adjetivo	sa|bi|no|po|li|[ta]|no
sabinopolitano	nome masculino	sa|bi|no|po|li|[ta]|no
sábio	nome masculino	[sá]|bi|o
sábio	adjetivo	[sá]|bi|o
sabir	nome masculino	sa|[bir]
sabitu	nome masculino	sa|bi|[tu]
sabível	adjetivo	sa|[bí]|vel
sable	nome masculino	[sa]|ble
sabo	nome masculino	[sa]|bo
saboaria	nome feminino	sa|bo|a|[ri]|a
saboeira	nome feminino	sa|bo|[ei]|ra
saboeiro	nome masculino	sa|bo|[ei]|ro
saboeiro	adjetivo	sa|bo|[ei]|ro
saboga	nome masculino	sa|[bo]|ga
saboga	nome feminino	sa|[bo]|ga
saboia	nome feminino	sa|[boi]|a
saboiana	nome feminino	sa|boi|[a]|na
saboiano	nome masculino	sa|boi|[a]|no
saboiano	adjetivo	sa|boi|[a]|no
sabona	nome feminino	sa|[bo]|na
saboneira	nome feminino	sa|bo|[nei]|ra
sabonetada	nome feminino	sa|bo|ne|[ta]|da
sabonete	nome masculino	sa|bo|[ne]|te
saboneteira	nome feminino	sa|bo|ne|[tei]|ra
sabongo	nome masculino	sa|[bon]|go
sabor	nome masculino	sa|[bor]
saboreador	adjetivo	sa|bo|re|a|[dor]
saboreador	nome masculino	sa|bo|re|a|[dor]
saborear	verbo	sa|bo|re|[ar]
saboreável	adjetivo	sa|bo|re|[á]|vel
saborense	nome masculino	sa|bo|[ren]|se
saborense	adjetivo	sa|bo|[ren]|se
saborense	nome feminino	sa|bo|[ren]|se
saborido	adjetivo	sa|bo|[ri]|do
saborosa	nome feminino	sa|bo|[ro]|sa
saborosamente	advérbio	sa|bo|ro|sa|[men]|te
saboroso	adjetivo	sa|bo|[ro]|so
saborra	nome feminino	sa|[bor]|ra
sabotador	adjetivo	sa|bo|ta|[dor]
sabotador	nome masculino	sa|bo|ta|[dor]
sabotagem	nome feminino	sa|bo|[ta]|gem
sabotar	verbo	sa|bo|[tar]
sabra	nome feminino	[sa]|bra
sabrada	nome feminino	sa|[bra]|da
sabrainho	nome masculino	sa|bra|[i]|nho
sabratense	nome masculino	sa|bra|[ten]|se
sabratense	adjetivo	sa|bra|[ten]|se
sabratense	nome feminino	sa|bra|[ten]|se
sabre	nome masculino	[sa]|bre
sabre-baioneta	nome masculino	sa|bre-bai|o|[ne]|ta
sabrecar	verbo	sa|bre|[car]
sabrina	nome feminino	sa|[bri]|na
sabrista	nome masculino	sa|[bris]|ta
sabrista	nome feminino	sa|[bris]|ta
sabrosense	adjetivo	sa|bro|[sen]|se
sabrosense	nome masculino	sa|bro|[sen]|se
sabrosense	nome feminino	sa|bro|[sen]|se
sabucar	verbo	sa|bu|[car]
sabuco	nome masculino	sa|[bu]|co
sabugal	nome masculino	sa|bu|[gal]
sabugal	adjetivo	sa|bu|[gal]
sabugal	nome feminino	sa|bu|[gal]
sabugalense	nome masculino	sa|bu|ga|[len]|se
