saracoteamento	nome masculino	sa|ra|co|te|a|[men]|to
saracotear	verbo	sa|ra|co|te|[ar]
saracoteio	nome masculino	sa|ra|co|[tei]|o
saracoto	nome masculino	sa|ra|[co]|to
saracura	nome feminino	sa|ra|[cu]|ra
sarado	adjetivo	sa|[ra]|do
sarafana	nome feminino	sa|ra|[fa]|na
sarafano	nome masculino	sa|ra|[fa]|no
sarafulha	nome feminino	sa|ra|[fu]|lha
sarago	nome masculino	sa|[ra]|go
saragoça	nome feminino	sa|ra|[go]|ça
saragoçana	nome feminino	sa|ra|go|[ça]|na
saragoçano	adjetivo	sa|ra|go|[ça]|no
saragoçano	nome masculino	sa|ra|go|[ça]|no
saragoço	adjetivo	sa|ra|[go]|ço
saraiva	nome feminino	sa|[rai]|va
saraivada	nome feminino	sa|rai|[va]|da
saraivado	adjetivo	sa|rai|[va]|do
saraivar	verbo	sa|rai|[var]
saraiveiro	nome masculino	sa|rai|[vei]|ro
saraivisco	nome masculino	sa|rai|[vis]|co
saramaganta	nome feminino	sa|ra|ma|[gan]|ta
saramago	nome masculino	sa|ra|[ma]|go
saramântiga	nome feminino	sa|ra|[mân]|ti|ga
saramátulo	nome masculino	sa|ra|[má]|tu|lo
saramba	nome feminino	sa|[ram]|ba
sarambé	nome masculino	sa|ram|[bé]
sarambelada	nome feminino	sa|ram|be|[la]|da
sarambeque	nome masculino	sa|ram|[be]|que
sarambu	nome masculino	sa|ram|[bu]
sarambura	nome feminino	sa|ram|[bu]|ra
saramela	nome feminino	sa|ra|[me]|la
saramenheira	nome feminino	sa|ra|me|[nhei]|ra
saramenheiro	nome masculino	sa|ra|me|[nhei]|ro
saramenho	nome masculino	sa|ra|[me]|nho
saramiques	nome masculino	sa|ra|[mi]|ques
saramona	nome feminino	sa|ra|[mo]|na
sarampão	nome masculino	sa|ram|[pão]
sarampelho	nome masculino	sa|ram|[pe]|lho
sarampelo	nome masculino	sa|ram|[pe]|lo
sarampiforme	adjetivo	sa|ram|pi|[for]|me
sarampo	nome masculino	sa|[ram]|po
saramposo	adjetivo	sa|ram|[po]|so
saramuga	nome feminino	sa|ra|[mu]|ga
saramugo	nome masculino	sa|ra|[mu]|go
saranda	adjetivo	sa|[ran]|da
saranda	nome masculino	sa|[ran]|da
saranda	nome feminino	sa|[ran]|da
sarandagem	nome feminino	sa|ran|[da]|gem
sarandalhas	nome feminino	sa|ran|[da]|lhas
sarandalhos	nome masculino	sa|ran|[da]|lhos
sarandear	verbo	sa|ran|de|[ar]
sarandeio	nome masculino	sa|ran|[dei]|o
sarandi	nome masculino	sa|ran|[di]
sarandilhar	verbo	sa|ran|di|[lhar]
sarandizal	nome masculino	sa|ran|di|[zal]
saranga	adjetivo	sa|[ran]|ga
saranga	nome masculino	sa|[ran]|ga
saranga	nome feminino	sa|[ran]|ga
saranganga	nome feminino	sa|ran|[gan]|ga
sarangonha	nome feminino	sa|ran|[go]|nha
sarangonhar	verbo	sa|ran|go|[nhar]
sarangui	nome masculino	sa|ran|[gui]
sarão	nome masculino	sa|[rão]
sarapalhento	adjetivo	sa|ra|pa|[lhen]|to
sarapanel	nome masculino	sa|ra|pa|[nel]
sarapantado	adjetivo	sa|ra|pan|[ta]|do
sarapantão	adjetivo	sa|ra|pan|[tão]
sarapantão	nome masculino	sa|ra|pan|[tão]
sarapantar	verbo	sa|ra|pan|[tar]
sarapatel	nome masculino	sa|ra|pa|[tel]
sarapico	nome masculino	sa|ra|[pi]|co
sarapieira	nome feminino	sa|ra|pi|[ei]|ra
sarapilheira	nome feminino	sa|ra|pi|[lhei]|ra
sarapinta	nome feminino	sa|ra|[pin]|ta
sarapintadela	nome feminino	sa|ra|pin|ta|[de]|la
sarapintado	adjetivo	sa|ra|pin|[ta]|do
sarapintar	verbo	sa|ra|pin|[tar]
sarapó	nome masculino	sa|ra|[pó]
sarapuá	nome masculino	sa|ra|pu|[á]
sarapueira	nome feminino	sa|ra|pu|[ei]|ra
sarapulhada	nome feminino	sa|ra|pu|[lha]|da
sarapulhagem	nome feminino	sa|ra|pu|[lha]|gem
saraquá	nome masculino	sa|ra|[quá]
saraquitar	verbo	sa|ra|qui|[tar]
sarar	verbo	sa|[rar]
sarará	nome masculino	sa|ra|[rá]
sarará	nome feminino	sa|ra|[rá]
sararaca	nome feminino	sa|ra|[ra]|ca
sarau	nome masculino	sa|[rau]
sarauita	adjetivo	sa|rau|[i]|ta
sarauita	nome masculino	sa|rau|[i]|ta
sarauita	nome feminino	sa|rau|[i]|ta
sarãzal	nome masculino	sa|[rã]|zal
sarça	nome feminino	[sar]|ça
sarça-ardente	nome feminino	sar|ça-ar|[den]|te
sarça-de-moisés	nome feminino	sar|ça-de-moi|[sés]
sarçal	nome masculino	sar|[çal]
sarçamora	nome feminino	sar|ça|[mo]|ra
sarcântemo	nome masculino	sar|[cân]|te|mo
