sarcanto	nome masculino	sar|[can]|to
sarçaparrilha	nome feminino	sar|ça|par|[ri]|lha
sarcar	nome masculino	sar|[car]
sarcásmico	adjetivo	sar|[cás]|mi|co
sarcasmo	nome masculino	sar|[cas]|mo
sarcástica	nome feminino	sar|[cás]|ti|ca
sarcasticamente	advérbio	sar|cas|ti|ca|[men]|te
sarcástico	adjetivo	sar|[cás]|ti|co
sarcástico	nome masculino	sar|[cás]|ti|co
sarcepiplocele	nome feminino	sar|ce|pi|plo|[ce]|le
sarcepiplônfalo	nome masculino	sar|ce|pi|[plôn]|fa|lo
sarcídio	nome masculino	sar|[cí]|di|o
sarcidrocele	nome feminino	sar|ci|dro|[ce]|le
sárcina	nome feminino	[sár]|ci|na
sarcinite	nome feminino	sar|ci|[ni]|te
sarcínula	nome feminino	sar|[cí]|nu|la
sarcita	nome feminino	sar|[ci]|ta
sarcite	nome feminino	sar|[ci]|te
sarcóbase	nome feminino	sar|[có]|ba|se
sarcocálice	nome masculino	sar|co|[cá]|li|ce
sarcocárpico	adjetivo	sar|co|[cár]|pi|co
sarcocárpio	nome masculino	sar|co|[cár]|pi|o
sarcocarpo	nome masculino	sar|co|[car]|po
sarcocéfalo	nome masculino	sar|co|[cé]|fa|lo
sarcocele	nome feminino	sar|co|[ce]|le
sarcococo	nome masculino	sar|co|[co]|co
sarcocola	nome feminino	sar|co|[co]|la
sarcocoleira	nome feminino	sar|co|co|[lei]|ra
sarcocolina	nome feminino	sar|co|co|[li]|na
sarcode	nome masculino	sar|[co]|de
sarcoderma	nome masculino	sar|co|[der]|ma
sarcódico	adjetivo	sar|[có]|di|co
sarcódio	nome masculino	sar|[có]|di|o
sarcofagia	nome feminino	sar|co|fa|[gi]|a
sarcófago	adjetivo	sar|[có]|fa|go
sarcófago	nome masculino	sar|[có]|fa|go
sarcofila	nome feminino	sar|co|[fi]|la
sarcófilo	adjetivo	sar|[có]|fi|lo
sarcófilo	nome masculino	sar|[có]|fi|lo
sarcoide	adjetivo	sar|[coi]|de
sarcoide	nome masculino	sar|[coi]|de
sarcoidose	nome feminino	sar|coi|[do]|se
sarcolema	nome masculino	sar|co|[le]|ma
sarcolemático	adjetivo	sar|co|le|[má]|ti|co
sarcólito	nome masculino	sar|[có]|li|to
sarcólobo	nome masculino	sar|[có]|lo|bo
sarcologia	nome feminino	sar|co|lo|[gi]|a
sarcológico	adjetivo	sar|co|[ló]|gi|co
sarcoma	nome masculino	sar|[co]|ma
sarcomático	adjetivo	sar|co|[má]|ti|co
sarcomatose	nome feminino	sar|co|ma|[to]|se
sarcomatoso	adjetivo	sar|co|ma|[to]|so
sarcómero	nome masculino	sar|[có]|me|ro
sarcômero	nome masculino	sar|[cô]|me|ro
sarcônfalo	nome masculino	sar|[côn]|fa|lo
sarcopioide	adjetivo	sar|co|pi|[oi]|de
sarcoplasma	nome masculino	sar|co|[plas]|ma
sarcoplasmático	adjetivo	sar|co|plas|[má]|ti|co
sarcopsíleo	nome masculino	sar|cop|[sí]|le|o
sarcopta	nome masculino	sar|[cop]|ta
sarcoptídeo	nome masculino	sar|cop|[tí]|de|o
sarcose	nome feminino	sar|[co]|se
sarcosina	nome feminino	sar|co|[si]|na
sarçoso	adjetivo	sar|[ço]|so
sarcospermo	adjetivo	sar|cos|[per]|mo
sarcosporídeo	nome masculino	sar|cos|po|[rí]|de|o
sarcostema	nome feminino	sar|cos|[te]|ma
sarcosteose	nome feminino	sar|cos|te|[o]|se
sarcóstomo	adjetivo	sar|[cós]|to|mo
sarcótico	nome masculino	sar|[có]|ti|co
sarcótico	adjetivo	sar|[có]|ti|co
sarcotripsia	nome feminino	sar|co|trip|[si]|a
sarcotríptico	adjetivo	sar|co|[tríp]|ti|co
sarda	nome feminino	[sar]|da
sardágata	nome feminino	sar|[dá]|ga|ta
sardanapalesco	adjetivo	sar|da|na|pa|[les]|co
sardanapálico	adjetivo	sar|da|na|[pá]|li|co
sardanapalizar	verbo	sar|da|na|pa|li|[zar]
sardanapalo	nome masculino	sar|da|na|[pa]|lo
sardaneta	nome feminino	sar|da|[ne]|ta
sardanica	nome feminino	sar|da|[ni]|ca
sardanisca	nome feminino	sar|da|[nis]|ca
sardanita	nome feminino	sar|da|[ni]|ta
sardão	nome masculino	sar|[dão]
sardar	verbo	sar|[dar]
sardar	nome masculino	sar|[dar]
sardenho	adjetivo	sar|[de]|nho
sardenho	nome masculino	sar|[de]|nho
sardento	adjetivo	sar|[den]|to
sardiano	adjetivo	sar|di|[a]|no
sardiano	nome masculino	sar|di|[a]|no
sardiate	adjetivo	sar|di|[a]|te
sardiate	nome masculino	sar|di|[a]|te
sardiate	nome feminino	sar|di|[a]|te
sardinha	nome feminino	sar|[di]|nha
sardinhada	nome feminino	sar|di|[nha]|da
sardinheira	nome feminino	sar|di|[nhei]|ra
sardinheiro	adjetivo	sar|di|[nhei]|ro
sardinheiro	nome masculino	sar|di|[nhei]|ro
sardinheta	nome feminino	sar|di|[nhe]|ta
