sárdio	nome masculino	[sár]|di|o
sardo	adjetivo	[sar]|do
sardo	nome masculino	[sar]|do
sardoalense	adjetivo	sar|do|a|[len]|se
sardoalense	nome masculino	sar|do|a|[len]|se
sardoalense	nome feminino	sar|do|a|[len]|se
sardoeira	nome feminino	sar|do|[ei]|ra
sardónia	nome feminino	sar|[dó]|ni|a
sardônia	nome feminino	sar|[dô]|ni|a
sardónica	nome feminino	sar|[dó]|ni|ca
sardônica	nome feminino	sar|[dô]|ni|ca
sardonicamente	advérbio	sar|do|ni|ca|[men]|te
sardónico	adjetivo	sar|[dó]|ni|co
sardônico	adjetivo	sar|[dô]|ni|co
sardónio	adjetivo	sar|[dó]|ni|o
sardónio	nome masculino	sar|[dó]|ni|o
sardônio	adjetivo	sar|[dô]|ni|o
sardônio	nome masculino	sar|[dô]|ni|o
sardonisca	nome feminino	sar|do|[nis]|ca
sardonismo	nome masculino	sar|do|[nis]|mo
sardoso	adjetivo	sar|[do]|so
sarense	adjetivo	sa|[ren]|se
sarense	nome masculino	sa|[ren]|se
sarense	nome feminino	sa|[ren]|se
sarga	nome feminino	[sar]|ga
sargaça	nome feminino	sar|[ga]|ça
sargaçal	nome masculino	sar|ga|[çal]
sargaceira	nome feminino	sar|ga|[cei]|ra
sargaceiro	nome masculino	sar|ga|[cei]|ro
sargacinha	nome feminino	sar|ga|[ci]|nha
sargaço	nome masculino	sar|[ga]|ço
sargenta	nome feminino	sar|[gen]|ta
sargentaria-mor	nome feminino	sar|gen|ta|ri|a-mor
sargente	nome masculino	sar|[gen]|te
sargente	nome feminino	sar|[gen]|te
sargenteante	adjetivo	sar|gen|te|[an]|te
sargentear	verbo	sar|gen|te|[ar]
sargento	nome masculino	sar|[gen]|to
sargento-ajudante	nome masculino	sar|gen|to-a|ju|[dan]|te
sargento-chefe	nome masculino	sar|gen|to-che|fe
sargento-mor	nome masculino	sar|gen|to-mor
sargentola	nome masculino	sar|gen|[to]|la
sargo	nome masculino	[sar]|go
sargo-bicudo	nome masculino	sar|go-bi|[cu]|do
sargo-veado	nome masculino	sar|go-ve|[a]|do
sargola	nome feminino	sar|[go]|la
sargueta	nome feminino	sar|[gue]|ta
sarguete	nome masculino	sar|[gue]|te
sari	nome masculino	sa|[ri]
sariana	nome feminino	sa|ri|[a]|na
sariano	adjetivo	sa|ri|[a]|no
sariano	nome masculino	sa|ri|[a]|no
saribanda	nome feminino	sa|ri|[ban]|da
sárico	adjetivo	[sá]|ri|co
saricoté	nome masculino	sa|ri|co|[té]
sariema	nome feminino	sa|ri|[e]|ma
sariguê	nome masculino	sa|ri|[guê]
sarigué	nome masculino	sa|ri|[gué]
sarigueia	nome feminino	sa|ri|[guei]|a
sarilhar	verbo	sa|ri|[lhar]
sarilho	nome masculino	sa|[ri]|lho
sarissa	nome feminino	sa|[ris]|sa
sarissóforo	nome masculino	sa|ris|[só]|fo|ro
sarja	nome feminino	[sar]|ja
sarjação	nome feminino	sar|ja|[ção]
sarjadeira	nome feminino	sar|ja|[dei]|ra
sarjado	adjetivo	sar|[ja]|do
sarjador	adjetivo	sar|ja|[dor]
sarjador	nome masculino	sar|ja|[dor]
sarjadura	nome feminino	sar|ja|[du]|ra
sarjão	nome masculino	sar|[jão]
sarjar	verbo	sar|[jar]
sarjel	nome masculino	sar|[jel]
sarjeta	nome feminino	sar|[je]|ta
sarmaciano	adjetivo	sar|ma|ci|[a]|no
sarmão	nome masculino	sar|[mão]
sármata	adjetivo	[sár]|ma|ta
sármata	nome masculino	[sár]|ma|ta
sármata	nome feminino	[sár]|ma|ta
sarmático	adjetivo	sar|[má]|ti|co
sarmático	nome masculino	sar|[má]|ti|co
sarmenho	nome masculino	sar|[me]|nho
sarmentácea	nome feminino	sar|men|[tá]|ce|a
sarmentáceo	adjetivo	sar|men|[tá]|ce|o
sarmentício	adjetivo	sar|men|[tí]|ci|o
sarmentífero	adjetivo	sar|men|[tí]|fe|ro
sarmento	nome masculino	sar|[men]|to
sarmentoso	adjetivo	sar|men|[to]|so
sarna	nome feminino	[sar]|na
sarna	nome masculino	[sar]|na
sarnambi	nome masculino	sar|nam|[bi]
sarnão	nome masculino	sar|[não]
sarnar	verbo	sar|[nar]
sarné	nome masculino	sar|[né]
sarnento	adjetivo	sar|[nen]|to
sarnento	nome masculino	sar|[nen]|to
sarnícula	nome masculino	sar|[ní]|cu|la
sarnir	verbo	sar|[nir]
sarnoso	adjetivo	sar|[no]|so
saro	nome masculino	[sa]|ro
