sequestrar	verbo	se|ques|[trar]
sequestrável	adjetivo	se|ques|[trá]|vel
sequestre	nome masculino	se|[ques]|tre
sequestro	nome masculino	se|[ques]|tro
séqui	nome masculino	[sé]|qui
sequiar	verbo	se|qui|[ar]
sequidão	nome feminino	se|qui|[dão]
sequilho	nome masculino	se|[qui]|lho
sequiosamente	advérbio	se|qui|o|sa|[men]|te
sequioso	adjetivo	se|qui|[o]|so
sequista	adjetivo	se|[quis]|ta
sequista	nome masculino	se|[quis]|ta
sequista	nome feminino	se|[quis]|ta
sequititi	nome feminino	se|qui|ti|[ti]
séquito	nome masculino	[sé]|qui|to
sequoia	nome feminino	se|[quoi]|a
ser	verbo	[ser]
ser	nome masculino	[ser]
seracoto	adjetivo	se|ra|[co]|to
serafanada	nome feminino	se|ra|fa|[na]|da
serafanado	nome masculino	se|ra|fa|[na]|do
seraficamente	advérbio	se|ra|fi|ca|[men]|te
seráfico	adjetivo	se|[rá]|fi|co
serafim	nome masculino	se|ra|[fim]
serafina	nome feminino	se|ra|[fi]|na
seral	adjetivo	se|[ral]
seramangar	verbo	se|ra|man|[gar]
serancolino	nome masculino	se|ran|co|[li]|no
serandar	verbo	se|ran|[dar]
serandeiro	nome masculino	se|ran|[dei]|ro
seranzar	verbo	se|ran|[zar]
serão	nome masculino	se|[rão]
serápia	nome feminino	se|[rá]|pi|a
serápico	adjetivo	se|[rá]|pi|co
serapilheira	nome feminino	se|ra|pi|[lhei]|ra
serapino	nome masculino	se|ra|[pi]|no
serasmão	nome masculino	se|ras|[mão]
sere	adjetivo	[se]|re
sere	nome masculino	[se]|re
sere	nome feminino	[se]|re
sereia	nome feminino	se|[rei]|a
sereiba	nome feminino	se|[rei]|ba
sereibuno	nome masculino	se|rei|[bu]|no
serelepe	nome masculino	se|re|[le]|pe
serelepe	nome feminino	se|re|[le]|pe
serena	nome feminino	se|[re]|na
serenada	nome feminino	se|re|[na]|da
serenado	adjetivo	se|re|[na]|do
serenador	adjetivo	se|re|na|[dor]
serenador	nome masculino	se|re|na|[dor]
serenagem	nome feminino	se|re|[na]|gem
serenamente	advérbio	se|re|na|[men]|te
serenar	verbo	se|re|[nar]
serenata	nome feminino	se|re|[na]|ta
serenateiro	nome masculino	se|re|na|[tei]|ro
serenateiro	adjetivo	se|re|na|[tei]|ro
serenatista	nome masculino	se|re|na|[tis]|ta
serenável	adjetivo	se|re|[ná]|vel
serendipidade	nome feminino	se|ren|di|pi|[da]|de
serendipista	adjetivo	se|ren|di|[pis]|ta
serendipista	nome masculino	se|ren|di|[pis]|ta
serendipista	nome feminino	se|ren|di|[pis]|ta
serendipitoso	adjetivo	se|ren|di|pi|[to]|so
serenidade	nome feminino	se|re|ni|[da]|de
serenim	nome masculino	se|re|[nim]
sereníssimo	adjetivo	se|re|[nís]|si|mo
sereno	adjetivo	se|[re]|no
sereno	nome masculino	se|[re]|no
seresma	nome feminino	se|[res]|ma
seresma	nome masculino	se|[res]|ma
seresta	nome feminino	se|[res]|ta
seresteiro	nome masculino	se|res|[tei]|ro
seresteiro	nome feminino	se|res|[tei]|ro
serezino	nome masculino	se|re|[zi]|no
sergantana	nome feminino	ser|gan|[ta]|na
sergente	nome masculino	ser|[gen]|te
sergente	nome feminino	ser|[gen]|te
sergesto	nome masculino	ser|[ges]|to
sergeta	nome feminino	ser|[ge]|ta
sérgia	adjetivo	[sér]|gi|a
sergiana	nome feminino	ser|gi|[a]|na
sergideira	nome feminino	ser|gi|[dei]|ra
sergipana	nome feminino	ser|gi|[pa]|na
sergipano	adjetivo	ser|gi|[pa]|no
sergipano	nome masculino	ser|gi|[pa]|no
serguia	nome feminino	ser|[gui]|a
serguilha	nome feminino	ser|[gui]|lha
sergulhal	nome masculino	ser|gu|[lhal]
seriação	nome feminino	se|ri|a|[ção]
serial	adjetivo	se|ri|[al]
serial-killer	nome masculino	se|rial-kil|ler
serialismo	nome masculino	se|ri|a|[lis]|mo
serialista	nome masculino	se|ri|a|[lis]|ta
serialista	adjetivo	se|ri|a|[lis]|ta
serialista	nome feminino	se|ri|a|[lis]|ta
seriama	nome masculino	se|ri|[a]|ma
seriamente	advérbio	se|ri|a|[men]|te
seriar	verbo	se|ri|[ar]
seriário	adjetivo	se|ri|[á]|ri|o
seriável	adjetivo	se|ri|[á]|vel
