serrafar	verbo	ser|ra|[far]
serrafo	nome masculino	ser|[ra]|fo
serragem	nome feminino	ser|[ra]|gem
serrajão	nome masculino	ser|ra|[jão]
serralha	nome feminino	ser|[ra]|lha
serralhar	verbo	ser|ra|[lhar]
serralharia	nome feminino	ser|ra|lha|[ri]|a
serralheira	nome feminino	ser|ra|[lhei]|ra
serralheiro	nome masculino	ser|ra|[lhei]|ro
serralhinha	nome feminino	ser|ra|[lhi]|nha
serralho	nome masculino	ser|[ra]|lho
serramento	nome masculino	ser|ra|[men]|to
serrana	nome feminino	ser|[ra]|na
serrania	nome feminino	ser|ra|[ni]|a
serranice	nome feminino	ser|ra|[ni]|ce
serrânida	nome masculino	ser|[râ]|ni|da
serranídeo	nome masculino	ser|ra|[ní]|de|o
serranídeo	adjetivo	ser|ra|[ní]|de|o
serranilha	nome feminino	ser|ra|[ni]|lha
serrano	adjetivo	ser|[ra]|no
serrano	nome masculino	ser|[ra]|no
serrão	nome masculino	ser|[rão]
serrão	adjetivo	ser|[rão]
serrar	verbo	ser|[rar]
serraria	nome feminino	ser|ra|[ri]|a
serratifólio	adjetivo	ser|ra|ti|[fó]|li|o
serratiforme	adjetivo	ser|ra|ti|[for]|me
serrátil	adjetivo	ser|[rá]|til
serratura	nome feminino	ser|ra|[tu]|ra
serrazina	nome feminino	ser|ra|[zi]|na
serrazina	nome masculino	ser|ra|[zi]|na
serrazina	adjetivo	ser|ra|[zi]|na
serrazinação	nome feminino	ser|ra|zi|na|[ção]
serrazinar	verbo	ser|ra|zi|[nar]
serreado	adjetivo	ser|re|[a]|do
serrear	verbo	ser|re|[ar]
serredo	nome masculino	ser|[re]|do
serrenho	adjetivo	ser|[re]|nho
serrenho	nome masculino	ser|[re]|nho
sérreo	adjetivo	[sér]|re|o
serreta	nome feminino	ser|[re]|ta
serrete	adjetivo	ser|[re]|te
serrete	nome masculino	ser|[re]|te
serrete	nome feminino	ser|[re]|te
serricórneo	adjetivo	ser|ri|[cór]|ne|o
serricórneo	nome masculino	ser|ri|[cór]|ne|o
serridentado	adjetivo	ser|ri|den|[ta]|do
serridênteo	adjetivo	ser|ri|[dên]|te|o
serriforme	adjetivo	ser|ri|[for]|me
serril	adjetivo	ser|[ril]
serrilha	nome feminino	ser|[ri]|lha
serrilhado	adjetivo	ser|ri|[lha]|do
serrilhador	nome masculino	ser|ri|lha|[dor]
serrilhar	verbo	ser|ri|[lhar]
serrilho	nome masculino	ser|[ri]|lho
serrim	nome masculino	ser|[rim]
serrino	adjetivo	ser|[ri]|no
serrípede	adjetivo	ser|[rí]|pe|de
serrirrostro	adjetivo	ser|rir|[ros]|tro
serro	nome masculino	[ser]|ro
serrobeco	nome masculino	ser|ro|[be]|co
serrócero	nome masculino	ser|[ró]|ce|ro
serropalpo	nome masculino	ser|ro|[pal]|po
serrota	nome feminino	ser|[ro]|ta
serrotagem	nome feminino	ser|ro|[ta]|gem
serrotar	verbo	ser|ro|[tar]
serrote	nome masculino	ser|[ro]|te
sertã	nome feminino	ser|[tã]
sertaginense	nome masculino	ser|ta|gi|[nen]|se
sertaginense	adjetivo	ser|ta|gi|[nen]|se
sertaginense	nome feminino	ser|ta|gi|[nen]|se
sertainha	nome feminino	ser|ta|[i]|nha
sertainho	adjetivo	ser|ta|[i]|nho
sertainho	nome masculino	ser|ta|[i]|nho
sertaneja	nome feminino	ser|ta|[ne]|ja
sertanejar	verbo	ser|ta|ne|[jar]
sertanejo	nome masculino	ser|ta|[ne]|jo
sertanejo	adjetivo	ser|ta|[ne]|jo
sertanense	adjetivo	ser|ta|[nen]|se
sertanense	nome masculino	ser|ta|[nen]|se
sertanense	nome feminino	ser|ta|[nen]|se
sertania	nome feminino	ser|ta|[ni]|a
sertanista	nome masculino	ser|ta|[nis]|ta
sertanista	adjetivo	ser|ta|[nis]|ta
sertanista	nome feminino	ser|ta|[nis]|ta
sertanopolitano	adjetivo	ser|ta|no|po|li|[ta]|no
sertanopolitano	nome masculino	ser|ta|no|po|li|[ta]|no
sertão	nome masculino	ser|[tão]
sertela	nome feminino	ser|[te]|la
sertelha	nome feminino	ser|[te]|lha
sertoriano	adjetivo	ser|to|ri|[a]|no
sertulária	nome feminino	ser|tu|[lá]|ri|a
sertulário	nome masculino	ser|tu|[lá]|ri|o
sertum	nome masculino	ser|[tum]
serubuna	nome feminino	se|ru|[bu]|na
sérum	nome masculino	[sé]|rum
serutinga	nome feminino	se|ru|[tin]|ga
serva	nome feminino	[ser]|va
servador	adjetivo	ser|va|[dor]
servência	nome feminino	ser|[vên]|ci|a
