somiticaria	nome feminino	so|mi|ti|ca|[ri]|a
somítico	adjetivo	so|[mí]|ti|co
somítico	nome masculino	so|[mí]|ti|co
somitiquice	nome feminino	so|mi|ti|[qui]|ce
somito	nome masculino	so|[mi]|to
sompar	verbo	som|[par]
sonador	adjetivo	so|na|[dor]
sonaja	nome feminino	so|[na]|ja
sonalha	nome feminino	so|[na]|lha
sonâmbula	nome feminino	so|[nâm]|bu|la
sonambulamente	advérbio	so|nam|bu|la|[men]|te
sonambular	adjetivo	so|nam|bu|[lar]
sonambulicamente	advérbio	so|nam|bu|li|ca|[men]|te
sonambúlico	adjetivo	so|nam|[bú]|li|co
sonambulismo	nome masculino	so|nam|bu|[lis]|mo
sonambulista	adjetivo	so|nam|bu|[lis]|ta
sonambulístico	adjetivo	so|nam|bu|[lís]|ti|co
sonambulizar	verbo	so|nam|bu|li|[zar]
sonâmbulo	adjetivo	so|[nâm]|bu|lo
sonâmbulo	nome masculino	so|[nâm]|bu|lo
sonância	nome feminino	so|[nân]|ci|a
sonante	adjetivo	so|[nan]|te
sonante	nome masculino	so|[nan]|te
sonante	nome feminino	so|[nan]|te
sonar	nome masculino	so|[nar]
sonarento	adjetivo	so|na|[ren]|to
sonata	nome feminino	so|[na]|ta
sonatina	nome feminino	so|na|[ti]|na
sonave	nome feminino	so|[na]|ve
sonavota	nome feminino	so|na|[vo]|ta
sonciate	adjetivo	son|ci|[a]|te
sonciate	nome masculino	son|ci|[a]|te
sonciate	nome feminino	son|ci|[a]|te
sonda	nome feminino	[son]|da
sondador	adjetivo	son|da|[dor]
sondador	nome masculino	son|da|[dor]
sondagem	nome feminino	son|[da]|gem
sondar	verbo	son|[dar]
sondareza	nome feminino	son|da|[re]|za
sondável	adjetivo	son|[dá]|vel
sondeque	nome masculino	son|[de]|que
soneca	nome feminino	so|[ne]|ca
sonecar	verbo	so|ne|[car]
sonega	nome feminino	so|[ne]|ga
sonegação	nome feminino	so|ne|ga|[ção]
sonegadamente	advérbio	so|ne|ga|da|[men]|te
sonegado	adjetivo	so|ne|[ga]|do
sonegador	adjetivo	so|ne|ga|[dor]
sonegador	nome masculino	so|ne|ga|[dor]
sonegadora	nome feminino	so|ne|ga|[do]|ra
sonegados	nome masculino	so|ne|[ga]|dos
sonegamento	nome masculino	so|ne|ga|[men]|to
sonegar	verbo	so|ne|[gar]
sonegável	adjetivo	so|ne|[gá]|vel
sonego	nome masculino	so|[ne]|go
soneira	nome feminino	so|[nei]|ra
sonetada	nome feminino	so|ne|[ta]|da
sonetar	verbo	so|ne|[tar]
sonetaria	nome feminino	so|ne|ta|[ri]|a
sonetear	verbo	so|ne|te|[ar]
soneteiro	adjetivo	so|ne|[tei]|ro
soneteiro	nome masculino	so|ne|[tei]|ro
sonetilho	nome masculino	so|ne|[ti]|lho
sonetista	nome masculino	so|ne|[tis]|ta
sonetista	nome feminino	so|ne|[tis]|ta
soneto	nome masculino	so|[ne]|to
songa	nome masculino	[son]|ga
songa	nome feminino	[son]|ga
songamonga	nome masculino	son|ga|[mon]|ga
songamonga	nome feminino	son|ga|[mon]|ga
songo	adjetivo	[son]|go
songo	nome masculino	[son]|go
songo-mongo	nome masculino	son|go-mon|go
songue	nome masculino	[son]|gue
songuinha	nome masculino	son|[gui]|nha
songuinha	nome feminino	son|[gui]|nha
sonhado	adjetivo	so|[nha]|do
sonhador	adjetivo	so|nha|[dor]
sonhador	nome masculino	so|nha|[dor]
sonhadora	nome feminino	so|nha|[do]|ra
sonhante	adjetivo	so|[nhan]|te
sonhar	verbo	so|[nhar]
sonhar	nome masculino	so|[nhar]
sonhável	adjetivo	so|[nhá]|vel
sonhim	nome masculino	so|[nhim]
sonho	nome masculino	[so]|nho
sonhoso	adjetivo	so|[nho]|so
sonial	adjetivo	so|ni|[al]
sónica	nome feminino	[só]|ni|ca
sônica	nome feminino	[sô]|ni|ca
sonicamente	advérbio	so|ni|ca|[men]|te
sonicéfalo	nome masculino	so|ni|[cé]|fa|lo
sónico	adjetivo	[só]|ni|co
sônico	adjetivo	[sô]|ni|co
sónico	nome masculino	[só]|ni|co
sônico	nome masculino	[sô]|ni|co
soniculoso	adjetivo	so|ni|cu|[lo]|so
sonido	nome masculino	so|[ni]|do
sonífero	adjetivo	so|[ní]|fe|ro
sonífero	nome masculino	so|[ní]|fe|ro
