sorológico	adjetivo	so|ro|[ló]|gi|co
sorologista	adjetivo	so|ro|lo|[gis]|ta
sorologista	nome masculino	so|ro|lo|[gis]|ta
sorologista	nome feminino	so|ro|lo|[gis]|ta
soromenha	nome feminino	so|ro|[me]|nha
soromenheiro	nome masculino	so|ro|me|[nhei]|ro
soromenho	nome masculino	so|ro|[me]|nho
soronda	nome feminino	so|[ron]|da
soronga	adjetivo	so|[ron]|ga
sorongo	nome masculino	so|[ron]|go
sorongui	nome masculino	so|ron|[gui]
soror	nome feminino	so|[ror]
sóror	nome feminino	[só]|ror
sororal	adjetivo	so|ro|[ral]
sororalmente	advérbio	so|ro|ral|[men]|te
sororato	nome masculino	so|ro|[ra]|to
sororicida	adjetivo	so|ro|ri|[ci]|da
sororicida	nome masculino	so|ro|ri|[ci]|da
sororicida	nome feminino	so|ro|ri|[ci]|da
sororicídio	nome masculino	so|ro|ri|[cí]|di|o
sorório	adjetivo	so|[ró]|ri|o
sororoca	nome feminino	so|ro|[ro]|ca
sorose	nome feminino	so|[ro]|se
soroso	adjetivo	so|[ro]|so
soroterapia	nome feminino	so|ro|te|ra|[pi]|a
soroterápico	adjetivo	so|ro|te|[rá]|pi|co
sorotipo	nome masculino	so|ro|[ti]|po
sorrabar	verbo	sor|ra|[bar]
sorrascadoiro	nome masculino	sor|ras|ca|[doi]|ro
sorrascador	nome masculino	sor|ras|ca|[dor]
sorrascadouro	nome masculino	sor|ras|ca|[dou]|ro
sorrascar	verbo	sor|ras|[car]
sorrasco	nome masculino	sor|[ras]|co
sorrasqueiro	nome masculino	sor|ras|[quei]|ro
sorrasquinho	nome masculino	sor|ras|[qui]|nho
sorrate	nome masculino	sor|[ra]|te
sorratear	verbo	sor|ra|te|[ar]
sorrateio	nome masculino	sor|ra|[tei]|o
sorrateiramente	advérbio	sor|ra|tei|ra|[men]|te
sorrateiro	adjetivo	sor|ra|[tei]|ro
sorrateiro	nome masculino	sor|ra|[tei]|ro
sorrelfa	nome feminino	sor|[rel]|fa
sorrelfa	nome masculino	sor|[rel]|fa
sorrelfo	adjetivo	sor|[rel]|fo
sorridente	adjetivo	sor|ri|[den]|te
sorridentemente	advérbio	sor|ri|den|te|[men]|te
sorrir	verbo	sor|[rir]
sorrir	nome masculino	sor|[rir]
sorriso	nome masculino	sor|[ri]|so
sorroda	nome feminino	sor|[ro]|da
sorrolho	nome masculino	sor|[ro]|lho
sortalhão	nome masculino	sor|ta|[lhão]
sorte	nome feminino	[sor]|te
sorteada	nome feminino	sor|te|[a]|da
sorteadamente	advérbio	sor|te|a|da|[men]|te
sorteado	adjetivo	sor|te|[a]|do
sorteado	nome masculino	sor|te|[a]|do
sorteador	adjetivo	sor|te|a|[dor]
sorteador	nome masculino	sor|te|a|[dor]
sorteamento	nome masculino	sor|te|a|[men]|to
sortear	verbo	sor|te|[ar]
sorteável	adjetivo	sor|te|[á]|vel
sorteio	nome masculino	sor|[tei]|o
sorteiro	adjetivo	sor|[tei]|ro
sorteiro	nome masculino	sor|[tei]|ro
sortela	nome feminino	sor|[te]|la
sortelha	nome feminino	sor|[te]|lha
sortido	nome masculino	sor|[ti]|do
sortido	adjetivo	sor|[ti]|do
sortílega	nome feminino	sor|[tí]|le|ga
sortilégio	nome masculino	sor|ti|[lé]|gi|o
sortílego	adjetivo	sor|[tí]|le|go
sortílego	nome masculino	sor|[tí]|le|go
sortilha	nome feminino	sor|[ti]|lha
sortimento	nome masculino	sor|ti|[men]|to
sortir	verbo	sor|[tir]
sortuda	nome feminino	sor|[tu]|da
sortudo	adjetivo	sor|[tu]|do
sortudo	nome masculino	sor|[tu]|do
soruma	nome feminino	so|[ru]|ma
sorumbática	nome feminino	so|rum|[bá]|ti|ca
sorumbaticamente	advérbio	so|rum|ba|ti|ca|[men]|te
sorumbático	adjetivo	so|rum|[bá]|ti|co
sorumbático	nome masculino	so|rum|[bá]|ti|co
sorumbatismo	nome masculino	so|rum|ba|[tis]|mo
sorva	nome feminino	[sor]|va
sorvado	adjetivo	sor|[va]|do
sorval	adjetivo	sor|[val]
sorvalhada	nome feminino	sor|va|[lha]|da
sorvar	verbo	sor|[var]
sorvedela	nome feminino	sor|ve|[de]|la
sorvedoiro	nome masculino	sor|ve|[doi]|ro
sorvedor	adjetivo	sor|ve|[dor]
sorvedouro	nome masculino	sor|ve|[dou]|ro
sorvedura	nome feminino	sor|ve|[du]|ra
sorveira	nome feminino	sor|[vei]|ra
sorver	verbo	sor|[ver]
sorvetaria	nome feminino	sor|ve|ta|[ri]|a
sorvete	nome feminino	sor|[ve]|te
sorvete	nome masculino	sor|[ve]|te
