subdelírio	nome masculino	sub|de|[lí]|ri|o
subderivado	adjetivo	sub|de|ri|[va]|do
subderivado	nome masculino	sub|de|ri|[va]|do
subdesenvolvido	adjetivo	sub|de|sen|vol|[vi]|do
subdesenvolvimento	nome masculino	sub|de|sen|vol|vi|[men]|to
subdiaconado	nome masculino	sub|di|a|co|[na]|do
subdiaconato	nome masculino	sub|di|a|co|[na]|to
subdiácono	nome masculino	sub|di|[á]|co|no
subdiafragmático	adjetivo	sub|di|a|frag|[má]|ti|co
subdialectal	adjetivo	sub|di|a|lec|[tal]
subdialecto	nome masculino	sub|di|a|[lec]|to
subdialetal	adjetivo	sub|di|a|le|[tal]
subdialeto	nome masculino	sub|di|a|[le]|to
subdíptero	adjetivo	sub|[díp]|te|ro
subdireção	nome feminino	sub|di|re|[ção]
subdiretor	nome masculino	sub|di|re|[tor]
subdiretor-geral	nome masculino	sub|di|re|tor-ge|[ral]
subdiretora	nome feminino	sub|di|re|[to]|ra
subdiretoria	nome feminino	sub|di|re|to|[ri]|a
subdiretório	nome masculino	sub|di|re|[tó]|ri|o
subdirigir	verbo	sub|di|ri|[gir]
subdistinção	nome feminino	sub|dis|tin|[ção]
subdistinguir	verbo	sub|dis|tin|[guir]
súbdita	nome feminino	[súb]|di|ta
súbdito	adjetivo	[súb]|di|to
súbdito	nome masculino	[súb]|di|to
subdividido	adjetivo	sub|di|vi|[di]|do
subdividir	verbo	sub|di|vi|[dir]
subdivisão	nome feminino	sub|di|vi|[são]
subdivisionário	adjetivo	sub|di|vi|si|o|[ná]|ri|o
subdivisível	adjetivo	sub|di|vi|[sí]|vel
subdolicocéfalo	adjetivo	sub|do|li|co|[cé]|fa|lo
subdolicocéfalo	nome masculino	sub|do|li|co|[cé]|fa|lo
subdoloso	adjetivo	sub|do|[lo]|so
subdominante	nome feminino	sub|do|mi|[nan]|te
subdução	nome feminino	sub|du|[ção]
subduplo	adjetivo	sub|[du]|plo
subdural	adjetivo	sub|du|[ral]
sube-sube	nome masculino	su|be-su|be
subemprazamento	nome masculino	su|bem|pra|za|[men]|to
subemprazar	verbo	su|bem|pra|[zar]
subemprego	nome masculino	su|bem|[pre]|go
subempreitada	nome feminino	su|bem|prei|[ta]|da
subempreitar	verbo	su|bem|prei|[tar]
subempreiteiro	nome masculino	su|bem|prei|[tei]|ro
subenfiteuse	nome feminino	su|ben|fi|[teu]|se
subenfiteuta	nome masculino	su|ben|fi|[teu]|ta
subenfiteuta	nome feminino	su|ben|fi|[teu]|ta
subenfiteuticar	verbo	su|ben|fi|teu|ti|[car]
subenfitêutico	adjetivo	su|ben|fi|[têu]|ti|co
subente	nome feminino	su|[ben]|te
subentender	verbo	su|ben|ten|[der]
subentendidamente	advérbio	su|ben|ten|di|da|[men]|te
subentendido	adjetivo	su|ben|ten|[di]|do
subentendido	nome masculino	su|ben|ten|[di]|do
subentendimento	nome masculino	su|ben|ten|di|[men]|to
subentendível	adjetivo	su|ben|ten|[dí]|vel
subenvasamento	nome masculino	su|ben|va|sa|[men]|to
subepidérmico	adjetivo	su|be|pi|[dér]|mi|co
subepígrafe	nome feminino	su|be|[pí]|gra|fe
subequatorial	adjetivo	su|be|qua|to|ri|[al]
subequatorialidade	nome feminino	su|be|qua|to|ri|a|li|[da]|de
subequilateral	adjetivo	su|be|qui|la|te|[ral]
súber	nome masculino	[sú]|ber
suberato	nome masculino	su|be|[ra]|to
subérico	adjetivo	su|[bé]|ri|co
suberícola	adjetivo	su|be|[rí]|co|la
subericultor	adjetivo	su|be|ri|cul|[tor]
subericultor	nome masculino	su|be|ri|cul|[tor]
subericultura	nome feminino	su|be|ri|cul|[tu]|ra
suberificação	nome feminino	su|be|ri|fi|ca|[ção]
suberificar	verbo	su|be|ri|fi|[car]
suberiforme	adjetivo	su|be|ri|[for]|me
suberina	nome feminino	su|be|[ri]|na
suberívoro	adjetivo	su|be|[rí]|vo|ro
suberização	nome feminino	su|be|ri|za|[ção]
suberizar	verbo	su|be|ri|[zar]
suberose	nome feminino	su|be|[ro]|se
suberoso	adjetivo	su|be|[ro]|so
subertano	adjetivo	su|ber|[ta]|no
subertano	nome masculino	su|ber|[ta]|no
subescapular	adjetivo	su|bes|ca|pu|[lar]
subesfenóideo	adjetivo	su|bes|fe|[nói]|de|o
subespaço	nome masculino	su|bes|[pa]|ço
subespécie	nome feminino	su|bes|[pé]|ci|e
subespinal	adjetivo	su|bes|pi|[nal]
subespontâneo	adjetivo	su|bes|pon|[tâ]|ne|o
subestação	nome feminino	su|bes|ta|[ção]
subestaminal	adjetivo	su|bes|ta|mi|[nal]
subesternal	adjetivo	su|bes|ter|[nal]
subestimação	nome feminino	su|bes|ti|ma|[ção]
subestimar	verbo	su|bes|ti|[mar]
subestratosfera	nome feminino	su|bes|tra|tos|[fe]|ra
subestratosférico	adjetivo	su|bes|tra|tos|[fé]|ri|co
subface	nome feminino	sub|[fa]|ce
subfamília	nome feminino	sub|fa|[mí]|li|a
subfasciculado	adjetivo	sub|fas|ci|cu|[la]|do
subfeudatário	nome masculino	sub|feu|da|[tá]|ri|o
subfeudo	nome masculino	sub|[feu]|do
subfiança	nome feminino	sub|fi|[an]|ça
