subfiliforme	adjetivo	sub|fi|li|[for]|me
subfluvial	adjetivo	sub|flu|vi|[al]
subfoliáceo	adjetivo	sub|fo|li|[á]|ce|o
subfretador	nome masculino	sub|fre|ta|[dor]
subfretar	verbo	sub|fre|[tar]
subfusiforme	adjetivo	sub|fu|si|[for]|me
subgalhato	nome masculino	sub|ga|[lha]|to
subgelatinoso	adjetivo	sub|ge|la|ti|[no]|so
subgeminado	adjetivo	sub|ge|mi|[na]|do
subgemíparo	adjetivo	sub|ge|[mí]|pa|ro
subgénero	nome masculino	sub|[gé]|ne|ro
subgênero	nome masculino	sub|[gê]|ne|ro
subgerente	nome masculino	sub|ge|[ren]|te
subgerente	nome feminino	sub|ge|[ren]|te
subglabro	adjetivo	sub|[gla]|bro
subgloboso	adjetivo	sub|glo|[bo]|so
subglobuloso	adjetivo	sub|glo|bu|[lo]|so
subgrave	adjetivo	sub|[gra]|ve
subgrupo	nome masculino	sub|[gru]|po
subicterícia	nome feminino	su|bic|te|[rí]|ci|a
subictérico	adjetivo	su|bic|[té]|ri|co
subida	nome feminino	su|[bi]|da
subidamente	advérbio	su|bi|da|[men]|te
subideira	nome feminino	su|bi|[dei]|ra
subideiro	nome masculino	su|bi|[dei]|ro
subido	adjetivo	su|[bi]|do
subidouro	nome masculino	su|bi|[dou]|ro
subimbrical	adjetivo	su|bim|bri|[cal]
subimento	nome masculino	su|bi|[men]|to
subinferior	adjetivo	su|bin|fe|ri|[or]
subinflamação	nome feminino	su|bin|fla|ma|[ção]
subinflamatório	adjetivo	su|bin|fla|ma|[tó]|ri|o
subinspeção	nome feminino	su|bins|pe|[ção]
subinspetor	nome masculino	su|bins|pe|[tor]
subinspetora	nome feminino	su|bins|pe|[to]|ra
subinspetoria	nome feminino	su|bins|pe|to|[ri]|a
subinte	adjetivo	su|[bin]|te
subintenção	nome feminino	su|bin|ten|[ção]
subintencional	adjetivo	su|bin|ten|ci|o|[nal]
subintencionalmente	advérbio	su|bin|ten|ci|o|nal|[men]|te
subintendência	nome feminino	su|bin|ten|[dên]|ci|a
subintendente	nome masculino	su|bin|ten|[den]|te
subintendente	nome feminino	su|bin|ten|[den]|te
subintender	verbo	su|bin|ten|[der]
subintitular	verbo	su|bin|ti|tu|[lar]
subintrante	adjetivo	su|bin|[tran]|te
subinvolução	nome feminino	su|bin|vo|lu|[ção]
subir	verbo	su|[bir]
subitamente	advérbio	su|bi|ta|[men]|te
subitaneamente	advérbio	su|bi|ta|ne|a|[men]|te
subitaneidade	nome feminino	su|bi|ta|nei|[da]|de
subitâneo	adjetivo	su|bi|[tâ]|ne|o
súbitas	nome masculino	[sú]|bi|tas
subiterícia	nome feminino	su|bi|te|[rí]|ci|a
subitérico	adjetivo	su|bi|[té]|ri|co
súbito	adjetivo	[sú]|bi|to
súbito	advérbio	[sú]|bi|to
súbito	nome masculino	[sú]|bi|to
subível	adjetivo	su|[bí]|vel
subjacente	adjetivo	sub|ja|[cen]|te
subjacentemente	advérbio	sub|ja|cen|te|[men]|te
subjazer	verbo	sub|ja|[zer]
subjeção	nome feminino	sub|je|[ção]
subjecção	nome feminino	sub|jec|[ção]
subjetivação	nome feminino	sub|je|ti|va|[ção]
subjetivamente	advérbio	sub|je|ti|va|[men]|te
subjetivar	verbo	sub|je|ti|[var]
subjetividade	nome feminino	sub|je|ti|vi|[da]|de
subjetivismo	nome masculino	sub|je|ti|[vis]|mo
subjetivista	adjetivo	sub|je|ti|[vis]|ta
subjetivista	nome masculino	sub|je|ti|[vis]|ta
subjetivista	nome feminino	sub|je|ti|[vis]|ta
subjetivístico	adjetivo	sub|je|ti|[vís]|ti|co
subjetivizar	verbo	sub|je|ti|vi|[zar]
subjetivo	adjetivo	sub|je|[ti]|vo
subjetivo	nome masculino	sub|je|[ti]|vo
subjugação	nome feminino	sub|ju|ga|[ção]
subjugado	adjetivo	sub|ju|[ga]|do
subjugador	adjetivo	sub|ju|ga|[dor]
subjugador	nome masculino	sub|ju|ga|[dor]
subjugante	adjetivo	sub|ju|[gan]|te
subjugar	verbo	sub|ju|[gar]
subjugável	adjetivo	sub|ju|[gá]|vel
subjunção	nome feminino	sub|jun|[ção]
subjuntivo	adjetivo	sub|jun|[ti]|vo
subjuntivo	nome masculino	sub|jun|[ti]|vo
sublacense	adjetivo	sub|la|[cen]|se
sublacense	nome masculino	sub|la|[cen]|se
sublacense	nome feminino	sub|la|[cen]|se
sublacustre	adjetivo	sub|la|[cus]|tre
sublamelar	adjetivo	sub|la|me|[lar]
sublapsário	adjetivo	sub|lap|[sá]|ri|o
sublapsário	nome masculino	sub|lap|[sá]|ri|o
sublativo	adjetivo	sub|la|[ti]|vo
sublativo	nome masculino	sub|la|[ti]|vo
sublenhoso	adjetivo	sub|le|[nho]|so
sublevação	nome feminino	su|ble|va|[ção]
sublevada	nome feminino	su|ble|[va]|da
sublevado	nome masculino	su|ble|[va]|do
sublevado	adjetivo	su|ble|[va]|do
