sublevador	adjetivo	su|ble|va|[dor]
sublevador	nome masculino	su|ble|va|[dor]
sublevantamento	nome masculino	sub|le|van|ta|[men]|to
sublevantar	verbo	sub|le|van|[tar]
sublevar	verbo	su|ble|[var]
sublício	adjetivo	sub|[lí]|ci|o
subligáculo	nome masculino	sub|li|[gá]|cu|lo
subligar	nome masculino	sub|li|[gar]
sublimação	nome feminino	su|bli|ma|[ção]
sublimadamente	advérbio	sub|li|ma|da|[men]|te
sublimado	nome masculino	su|bli|[ma]|do
sublimado	adjetivo	su|bli|[ma]|do
sublimador	adjetivo	sub|li|ma|[dor]
sublimar	verbo	su|bli|[mar]
sublimativo	adjetivo	su|bli|ma|[ti]|vo
sublimatório	adjetivo	su|bli|ma|[tó]|ri|o
sublimatório	nome masculino	su|bli|ma|[tó]|ri|o
sublimável	adjetivo	su|bli|[má]|vel
sublime	nome masculino	su|[bli]|me
sublime	adjetivo	su|[bli]|me
sublimemente	advérbio	sub|li|me|[men]|te
sublimidade	nome feminino	su|bli|mi|[da]|de
subliminal	adjetivo	sub|li|mi|[nal]
subliminar	adjetivo	sub|li|mi|[nar]
subliminarmente	advérbio	sub|li|mi|nar|[men]|te
sublinear	adjetivo	sub|li|ne|[ar]
sublingual	adjetivo	sub|lin|[gual]
sublinha	nome feminino	sub|[li]|nha
sublinhadamente	advérbio	sub|li|nha|da|[men]|te
sublinhado	adjetivo	sub|li|[nha]|do
sublinhado	nome masculino	sub|li|[nha]|do
sublinhar	verbo	sub|li|[nhar]
subliterário	adjetivo	sub|li|te|[rá]|ri|o
subliteratura	nome feminino	sub|li|te|ra|[tu]|ra
sublobulado	adjetivo	sub|lo|bu|[la]|do
sublocação	nome feminino	sub|lo|ca|[ção]
sublocador	adjetivo	sub|lo|ca|[dor]
sublocador	nome masculino	sub|lo|ca|[dor]
sublocadora	nome feminino	sub|lo|ca|[do]|ra
sublocar	verbo	sub|lo|[car]
sublocatária	nome feminino	sub|lo|ca|[tá]|ri|a
sublocatário	nome masculino	sub|lo|ca|[tá]|ri|o
sublunar	adjetivo	sub|lu|[nar]
subluxação	nome feminino	sub|lu|xa|[ção]
submaciço	nome masculino	sub|ma|[ci]|ço
submaciez	nome feminino	sub|ma|ci|[ez]
submacieza	nome feminino	sub|ma|ci|[e]|za
submamário	adjetivo	sub|ma|[má]|ri|o
submandatário	nome masculino	sub|man|da|[tá]|ri|o
submarginal	adjetivo	sub|mar|gi|[nal]
submarinista	nome masculino	sub|ma|ri|[nis]|ta
submarino	adjetivo	sub|ma|[ri]|no
submarino	nome masculino	sub|ma|[ri]|no
submaxilar	adjetivo	sub|ma|xi|[lar]
submáximo	adjetivo	sub|[má]|xi|mo
submediante	nome feminino	sub|me|di|[an]|te
submédio	adjetivo	sub|[mé]|di|o
submembranoso	adjetivo	sub|mem|bra|[no]|so
submental	adjetivo	sub|men|[tal]
submergido	adjetivo	sub|mer|[gi]|do
submergir	verbo	sub|mer|[gir]
submergível	nome masculino	sub|mer|[gí]|vel
submergível	adjetivo	sub|mer|[gí]|vel
submersão	nome feminino	sub|mer|[são]
submersível	nome masculino	sub|mer|[sí]|vel
submersível	adjetivo	sub|mer|[sí]|vel
submerso	adjetivo	sub|[mer]|so
submetálico	adjetivo	sub|me|[tá]|li|co
submeter	verbo	sub|me|[ter]
submetimento	nome masculino	sub|me|ti|[men]|to
subministração	nome feminino	sub|mi|nis|tra|[ção]
subministrado	adjetivo	sub|mi|nis|[tra]|do
subministrador	adjetivo	sub|mi|nis|tra|[dor]
subministrador	nome masculino	sub|mi|nis|tra|[dor]
subministrar	verbo	sub|mi|nis|[trar]
subministrável	adjetivo	sub|mi|nis|[trá]|vel
submissa	nome feminino	sub|[mis]|sa
submissamente	advérbio	sub|mis|sa|[men]|te
submissão	nome feminino	sub|mis|[são]
submissível	adjetivo	sub|mis|[sí]|vel
submissivo	adjetivo	sub|mis|[si]|vo
submisso	adjetivo	sub|[mis]|so
submisso	nome masculino	sub|[mis]|so
submucosa	nome feminino	sub|mu|[co]|sa
submucoso	adjetivo	sub|mu|[co]|so
submultíplice	adjetivo	sub|mul|[tí]|pli|ce
submúltiplo	adjetivo	sub|[múl]|ti|plo
submúltiplo	nome masculino	sub|[múl]|ti|plo
submundo	nome masculino	sub|[mun]|do
subnasal	adjetivo	sub|na|[sal]
subnegar	verbo	sub|ne|[gar]
subnitrato	nome masculino	sub|ni|[tra]|to
subnomenclatura	nome feminino	sub|no|men|cla|[tu]|ra
subnormal	nome feminino	sub|nor|[mal]
subnúcleo	nome masculino	sub|[nú]|cle|o
subnutrição	nome feminino	sub|nu|tri|[ção]
subnutrido	adjetivo	sub|nu|[tri]|do
subnutrido	nome masculino	sub|nu|[tri]|do
subnutrir	verbo	sub|nu|[trir]
suboccipital	adjetivo	su|boc|ci|pi|[tal]
