subsentido	nome masculino	sub|sen|[ti]|do
subséptuplo	adjetivo	sub|[sép]|tu|plo
subsequência	nome feminino	sub|se|[quên]|ci|a
subsequente	adjetivo	sub|se|[quen]|te
subsequentemente	advérbio	sub|se|quen|te|[men]|te
subserviência	nome feminino	sub|ser|vi|[ên]|ci|a
subserviente	adjetivo	sub|ser|vi|[en]|te
subservientemente	advérbio	sub|ser|vi|en|te|[men]|te
subséssil	adjetivo	sub|[sés]|sil
subsetor	nome masculino	sub|se|[tor]
subsêxtuplo	adjetivo	sub|[sêx]|tu|plo
subsidência	nome feminino	sub|si|[dên]|ci|a
subsidiada	nome feminino	sub|si|di|[a]|da
subsidiado	adjetivo	sub|si|di|[a]|do
subsidiado	nome masculino	sub|si|di|[a]|do
subsidiador	adjetivo	sub|si|di|a|[dor]
subsidiador	nome masculino	sub|si|di|a|[dor]
subsidiar	verbo	sub|si|di|[ar]
subsidiariamente	advérbio	sub|si|di|a|ri|a|[men]|te
subsidiariedade	nome feminino	sub|si|di|a|ri|e|[da]|de
subsidiário	nome masculino	sub|si|di|[á]|ri|o
subsidiário	adjetivo	sub|si|di|[á]|ri|o
subsidiável	adjetivo	sub|si|di|[á]|vel
subsídio	nome masculino	sub|[sí]|di|o
subsignano	adjetivo	sub|sig|[na]|no
subsignano	nome masculino	sub|sig|[na]|no
subsimilar	adjetivo	sub|si|mi|[lar]
subsino	nome masculino	sub|[si]|no
subsinuoso	adjetivo	sub|si|nu|[o]|so
subsistema	nome masculino	sub|sis|[te]|ma
subsistência	nome feminino	sub|sis|[tên]|ci|a
subsistente	adjetivo	sub|sis|[ten]|te
subsistir	verbo	sub|sis|[tir]
subsolador	adjetivo	sub|so|la|[dor]
subsolagem	nome feminino	sub|so|[la]|gem
subsolano	adjetivo	sub|so|[la]|no
subsolano	nome masculino	sub|so|[la]|no
subsolar	verbo	sub|so|[lar]
subsolar	adjetivo	sub|so|[lar]
subsolo	nome masculino	sub|[so]|lo
subsónico	adjetivo	sub|[só]|ni|co
subsônico	adjetivo	sub|[sô]|ni|co
subsorteio	nome masculino	sub|sor|[tei]|o
substabelecer	verbo	subs|ta|be|le|[cer]
substabelecimento	nome masculino	subs|ta|be|le|ci|[men]|to
substância	nome feminino	subs|[tân]|ci|a
substanciado	adjetivo	subs|tan|ci|[a]|do
substancial	nome masculino	subs|tan|ci|[al]
substancial	adjetivo	subs|tan|ci|[al]
substancialidade	nome feminino	subs|tan|ci|a|li|[da]|de
substancialismo	nome masculino	subs|tan|ci|a|[lis]|mo
substancialista	adjetivo	subs|tan|ci|a|[lis]|ta
substancialista	nome masculino	subs|tan|ci|a|[lis]|ta
substancialista	nome feminino	subs|tan|ci|a|[lis]|ta
substancialização	nome feminino	subs|tan|ci|a|li|za|[ção]
substancializar	verbo	subs|tan|ci|a|li|[zar]
substancialmente	advérbio	subs|tan|ci|al|[men]|te
substanciar	verbo	subs|tan|ci|[ar]
substanciosamente	advérbio	subs|tan|ci|o|sa|[men]|te
substancioso	adjetivo	subs|tan|ci|[o]|so
substantificação	nome feminino	subs|tan|ti|fi|ca|[ção]
substantificar	verbo	subs|tan|ti|fi|[car]
substantífico	adjetivo	subs|tan|[tí]|fi|co
substantivação	nome feminino	subs|tan|ti|va|[ção]
substantivado	adjetivo	subs|tan|ti|[va]|do
substantival	adjetivo	subs|tan|ti|[val]
substantivamente	advérbio	subs|tan|ti|va|[men]|te
substantivar	verbo	subs|tan|ti|[var]
substantivável	adjetivo	subs|tan|ti|[vá]|vel
substantivo	nome masculino	subs|tan|[ti]|vo
substantivo	adjetivo	subs|tan|[ti]|vo
substatório	adjetivo	subs|ta|[tó]|ri|o
substituição	nome feminino	subs|ti|tu|i|[ção]
substituída	nome feminino	subs|ti|tu|[í]|da
substituído	adjetivo	subs|ti|tu|[í]|do
substituído	nome masculino	subs|ti|tu|[í]|do
substituinte	nome masculino	subs|ti|tu|[in]|te
substituinte	adjetivo	subs|ti|tu|[in]|te
substituinte	nome feminino	subs|ti|tu|[in]|te
substituir	verbo	subs|ti|tu|[ir]
substituível	adjetivo	subs|ti|tu|[í]|vel
substituta	nome feminino	subs|ti|[tu]|ta
substitutivo	adjetivo	subs|ti|tu|[ti]|vo
substitutivo	nome masculino	subs|ti|tu|[ti]|vo
substituto	adjetivo	subs|ti|[tu]|to
substituto	nome masculino	subs|ti|[tu]|to
substração	nome feminino	subs|tra|[ção]
substrato	adjetivo	subs|[tra]|to
substrato	nome masculino	subs|[tra]|to
substrução	nome feminino	subs|tru|[ção]
substrutura	nome feminino	subs|tru|[tu]|ra
subsulfato	nome masculino	sub|sul|[fa]|to
subsultante	adjetivo	sub|sul|[tan]|te
subsultar	verbo	sub|sul|[tar]
subsulto	nome masculino	sub|[sul]|to
subsumir	verbo	sub|su|[mir]
subsunção	nome feminino	sub|sun|[ção]
subtangente	nome feminino	sub|tan|[gen]|te
subtema	nome masculino	sub|[te]|ma
subtendente	adjetivo	sub|ten|[den]|te
