velhinha	nome feminino	ve|[lhi]|nha
velhinho	adjetivo	ve|[lhi]|nho
velhinho	nome masculino	ve|[lhi]|nho
velhíssimo	adjetivo	ve|[lhís]|si|mo
velhito	nome masculino	ve|[lhi]|to
velho	adjetivo	[ve]|lho
velho	nome masculino	[ve]|lho
velhori	adjetivo	ve|lho|[ri]
velhorro	adjetivo	ve|[lhor]|ro
velhorro	nome masculino	ve|[lhor]|ro
velhota	nome feminino	ve|[lho]|ta
velhote	nome masculino	ve|[lho]|te
velhote	adjetivo	ve|[lho]|te
velhusca	nome feminino	ve|[lhus]|ca
velhusco	adjetivo	ve|[lhus]|co
velhusco	nome masculino	ve|[lhus]|co
velhustro	adjetivo	ve|[lhus]|tro
velhustro	nome masculino	ve|[lhus]|tro
velicação	nome feminino	ve|li|ca|[ção]
velicar	verbo	ve|li|[car]
velicativo	adjetivo	ve|li|ca|[ti]|vo
velífero	nome masculino	ve|[lí]|fe|ro
velífero	adjetivo	ve|[lí]|fe|ro
veliforme	adjetivo	ve|li|[for]|me
velígero	nome masculino	ve|[lí]|ge|ro
velígero	adjetivo	ve|[lí]|ge|ro
velilho	nome masculino	ve|[li]|lho
velinha	nome feminino	ve|[li]|nha
velino	nome masculino	ve|[li]|no
veliocasse	adjetivo	ve|li|o|[cas]|se
veliocasse	nome masculino	ve|li|o|[cas]|se
veliocasse	nome feminino	ve|li|o|[cas]|se
veliqueiro	adjetivo	ve|li|[quei]|ro
vélite	nome masculino	[vé]|li|te
veliterno	adjetivo	ve|li|[ter]|no
veliterno	nome masculino	ve|li|[ter]|no
velívago	adjetivo	ve|[lí]|va|go
velívolo	adjetivo	ve|[lí]|vo|lo
velo	nome masculino	[ve]|lo
veloce	adjetivo	ve|[lo]|ce
velocidade	nome feminino	ve|lo|ci|[da]|de
velocídromo	nome masculino	ve|lo|[cí]|dro|mo
velocífero	adjetivo	ve|lo|[cí]|fe|ro
velocígrafo	nome masculino	ve|lo|[cí]|gra|fo
velocímano	nome masculino	ve|lo|[cí]|ma|no
velocimétrico	adjetivo	ve|lo|ci|[mé]|tri|co
velocímetro	nome masculino	ve|lo|[cí]|me|tro
velocino	nome masculino	ve|lo|[ci]|no
velocípede	adjetivo	ve|lo|[cí]|pe|de
velocípede	nome masculino	ve|lo|[cí]|pe|de
velocipedia	nome feminino	ve|lo|ci|pe|[di]|a
velocipédico	adjetivo	ve|lo|ci|[pé]|di|co
velocipedismo	nome masculino	ve|lo|ci|pe|[dis]|mo
velocipedista	adjetivo	ve|lo|ci|pe|[dis]|ta
velocipedista	nome masculino	ve|lo|ci|pe|[dis]|ta
velocipedista	nome feminino	ve|lo|ci|pe|[dis]|ta
velocíssimo	adjetivo	ve|lo|[cís]|si|mo
velocista	nome masculino	ve|lo|[cis]|ta
velocista	nome feminino	ve|lo|[cis]|ta
velódromo	nome masculino	ve|[ló]|dro|mo
velório	nome masculino	ve|[ló]|ri|o
velórios	nome masculino	ve|[ló]|ri|os
veloso	adjetivo	ve|[lo]|so
veloz	adjetivo	ve|[loz]
velozmente	advérbio	ve|loz|[men]|te
veludado	adjetivo	ve|lu|[da]|do
veludilho	nome masculino	ve|lu|[di]|lho
veludíneo	adjetivo	ve|lu|[dí]|ne|o
veludinha	nome feminino	ve|lu|[di]|nha
veludinho	nome masculino	ve|lu|[di]|nho
veludo	nome masculino	ve|[lu]|do
veludo	adjetivo	ve|[lu]|do
veludosidade	nome feminino	ve|lu|do|si|[da]|de
veludoso	adjetivo	ve|lu|[do]|so
velutina	nome feminino	ve|lu|[ti]|na
venábulo	nome masculino	ve|[ná]|bu|lo
venação	nome feminino	ve|na|[ção]
venado	adjetivo	ve|[na]|do
venador	nome masculino	ve|na|[dor]
venafrano	adjetivo	ve|na|[fra]|no
venafrano	nome masculino	ve|na|[fra]|no
venal	adjetivo	ve|[nal]
venaliciário	nome masculino	ve|na|li|ci|[á]|ri|o
venalidade	nome feminino	ve|na|li|[da]|de
venalismo	nome masculino	ve|na|[lis]|mo
venalizar	verbo	ve|na|li|[zar]
venalmente	advérbio	ve|nal|[men]|te
venatória	nome feminino	ve|na|[tó]|ri|a
venatório	adjetivo	ve|na|[tó]|ri|o
venatura	nome feminino	ve|na|[tu]|ra
vencedor	nome masculino	ven|ce|[dor]
vencedor	adjetivo	ven|ce|[dor]
vencedora	nome feminino	ven|ce|[do]|ra
vencelha	nome feminino	ven|[ce]|lha
vencelhar	verbo	ven|ce|[lhar]
vencelho	nome masculino	ven|[ce]|lho
vencer	verbo	ven|[cer]
vencibilidade	nome feminino	ven|ci|bi|li|[da]|de
vencida	nome feminino	ven|[ci]|da
vencido	adjetivo	ven|[ci]|do
