verdeia	nome feminino	ver|[dei]|a
verdeio	nome masculino	ver|[dei]|o
verdeiro	nome masculino	ver|[dei]|ro
verdejância	nome feminino	ver|de|[jân]|ci|a
verdejante	adjetivo	ver|de|[jan]|te
verdejar	verbo	ver|de|[jar]
verdelha	nome feminino	ver|[de]|lha
verdelhão	nome masculino	ver|de|[lhão]
verdelho	nome masculino	ver|[de]|lho
verdelho	adjetivo	ver|[de]|lho
verdelinho	nome masculino	ver|de|[li]|nho
verdenegro	adjetivo	ver|de|[ne]|gro
verdenegro	nome masculino	ver|de|[ne]|gro
verdengório	nome masculino	ver|den|[gó]|ri|o
verdento	adjetivo	ver|[den]|to
verderol	nome masculino	ver|de|[rol]
verdete	nome masculino	ver|[de]|te
verdezelha	nome feminino	ver|de|[ze]|lha
vérdico	adjetivo	[vér]|di|co
verdilhão	nome masculino	ver|di|[lhão]
verdilhento	adjetivo	ver|di|[lhen]|to
verdilhote	nome masculino	ver|di|[lho]|te
verdinegro	adjetivo	ver|di|[ne]|gro
verdinhento	adjetivo	ver|di|[nhen]|to
verdinzela	nome feminino	ver|din|[ze]|la
verdisseco	adjetivo	ver|dis|[se]|co
verdizel	nome masculino	ver|di|[zel]
verdizela	nome feminino	ver|di|[ze]|la
verdizela	nome masculino	ver|di|[ze]|la
verdizelo	nome masculino	ver|di|[ze]|lo
verdoega	nome feminino	ver|do|[e]|ga
verdoengo	adjetivo	ver|do|[en]|go
verdolengo	adjetivo	ver|do|[len]|go
verdor	nome masculino	ver|[dor]
verdoso	adjetivo	ver|[do]|so
verdoso	nome masculino	ver|[do]|so
verdote	adjetivo	ver|[do]|te
verdugada	nome feminino	ver|du|[ga]|da
verdugadim	nome masculino	ver|du|ga|[dim]
verdugal	nome masculino	ver|du|[gal]
verdugão	nome masculino	ver|du|[gão]
verdugo	nome masculino	ver|[du]|go
verduguilho	nome masculino	ver|du|[gui]|lho
verdum	nome masculino	ver|[dum]
verdume	nome masculino	ver|[du]|me
verdunização	nome feminino	ver|du|ni|za|[ção]
verdunizar	verbo	ver|du|ni|[zar]
verdura	nome feminino	ver|[du]|ra
verdureira	nome feminino	ver|du|[rei]|ra
verdureiro	nome masculino	ver|du|[rei]|ro
verdurengo	adjetivo	ver|du|[ren]|go
verduroso	adjetivo	ver|du|[ro]|so
vereação	nome feminino	ve|re|a|[ção]
vereador	nome masculino	ve|re|a|[dor]
vereadora	nome feminino	ve|re|a|[do]|ra
vereamento	nome masculino	ve|re|a|[men]|to
vereança	nome feminino	ve|re|[an]|ça
verear	verbo	ve|re|[ar]
verecúndia	nome feminino	ve|re|[cún]|di|a
verecundo	adjetivo	ve|re|[cun]|do
vereda	nome feminino	ve|[re]|da
veredicto	nome masculino	ve|re|[dic]|to
veredito	nome masculino	ve|re|[di]|to
vereia	nome feminino	ve|[rei]|a
verendo	adjetivo	ve|[ren]|do
vereno	adjetivo	ve|[re]|no
veretino	adjetivo	ve|re|[ti]|no
veretino	nome masculino	ve|re|[ti]|no
verga	nome feminino	[ver]|ga
verga-áurea	nome feminino	ver|ga-áu|re|a
verga-de-ouro	nome feminino	ver|ga-de-ou|ro
vergada	nome feminino	ver|[ga]|da
vergadiço	adjetivo	ver|ga|[di]|ço
vergado	adjetivo	ver|[ga]|do
vergadura	nome feminino	ver|ga|[du]|ra
vergal	nome masculino	ver|[gal]
vergalhada	nome feminino	ver|ga|[lha]|da
vergalhamento	nome masculino	ver|ga|lha|[men]|to
vergalhão	nome masculino	ver|ga|[lhão]
vergalhar	verbo	ver|ga|[lhar]
vergalho	nome masculino	ver|[ga]|lho
vergame	nome masculino	ver|[ga]|me
vergamota	nome feminino	ver|ga|[mo]|ta
vergancha	nome feminino	ver|[gan]|cha
vergão	nome masculino	ver|[gão]
vergar	verbo	ver|[gar]
vergasta	nome feminino	ver|[gas]|ta
vergastada	nome feminino	ver|gas|[ta]|da
vergastador	adjetivo	ver|gas|ta|[dor]
vergastador	nome masculino	ver|gas|ta|[dor]
vergastão	nome masculino	ver|gas|[tão]
vergastar	verbo	ver|gas|[tar]
vergasteiro	nome masculino	ver|gas|[tei]|ro
vergáurea	nome feminino	ver|[gáu]|re|a
vergável	adjetivo	ver|[gá]|vel
vergel	nome masculino	ver|[gel]
vergência	nome feminino	ver|[gên]|ci|a
vergestano	adjetivo	ver|ges|[ta]|no
vergestano	nome masculino	ver|ges|[ta]|no
vergoada	nome feminino	ver|go|[a]|da
