turcófobo	adjetivo	tur|[có]|fo|bo
turcófobo	nome masculino	tur|[có]|fo|bo
turcófono	nome masculino	tur|[có]|fo|no
turcófono	adjetivo	tur|[có]|fo|no
turcomana	nome feminino	tur|co|[ma]|na
turcomano	nome masculino	tur|co|[ma]|no
turcomano	adjetivo	tur|co|[ma]|no
turcopulo	nome masculino	tur|co|[pu]|lo
turdetana	nome feminino	tur|de|[ta]|na
turdetânico	adjetivo	tur|de|[tâ]|ni|co
turdetano	adjetivo	tur|de|[ta]|no
turdetano	nome masculino	tur|de|[ta]|no
túrdida	nome masculino	[túr]|di|da
turdídeo	nome masculino	tur|[dí]|de|o
turdídeo	nome masculino	tur|[dí]|de|o
turdídeo	adjetivo	tur|[dí]|de|o
turdonha	nome feminino	tur|[do]|nha
túrdulo	nome masculino	[túr]|du|lo
tureba	nome masculino	tu|[re]|ba
turfa	nome feminino	[tur]|fa
turfe	nome masculino	[tur]|fe
turfeira	nome feminino	tur|[fei]|ra
turfista	nome masculino	tur|[fis]|ta
turfista	nome feminino	tur|[fis]|ta
turfístico	adjetivo	tur|[fís]|ti|co
turfol	nome masculino	tur|[fol]
turfoso	adjetivo	tur|[fo]|so
turgência	nome feminino	tur|[gên]|ci|a
turgente	adjetivo	tur|[gen]|te
turgescência	nome feminino	tur|ges|[cên]|ci|a
turgescente	adjetivo	tur|ges|[cen]|te
turgescer	verbo	tur|ges|[cer]
turgidamente	advérbio	tur|gi|da|[men]|te
turgidez	nome feminino	tur|gi|[dez]
túrgido	adjetivo	[túr]|gi|do
turgimão	nome masculino	tur|gi|[mão]
turgir	verbo	tur|[gir]
turgoviense	adjetivo	tur|go|vi|[en]|se
turgoviense	nome masculino	tur|go|vi|[en]|se
turgoviense	nome feminino	tur|go|vi|[en]|se
turião	nome masculino	tu|ri|[ão]
turiate	adjetivo	tu|ri|[a]|te
turiate	nome masculino	tu|ri|[a]|te
turiate	nome feminino	tu|ri|[a]|te
turibular	verbo	tu|ri|bu|[lar]
turibulária	nome feminino	tu|ri|bu|[lá]|ri|a
turibulário	adjetivo	tu|ri|bu|[lá]|ri|o
turibulário	nome masculino	tu|ri|bu|[lá]|ri|o
turíbulo	nome masculino	tu|[rí]|bu|lo
turícremo	adjetivo	tu|[rí]|cre|mo
turiferação	nome feminino	tu|ri|fe|ra|[ção]
turiferar	verbo	tu|ri|fe|[rar]
turiferária	nome feminino	tu|ri|fe|[rá]|ri|a
turiferário	adjetivo	tu|ri|fe|[rá]|ri|o
turiferário	nome masculino	tu|ri|fe|[rá]|ri|o
turífero	adjetivo	tu|[rí]|fe|ro
turificação	nome feminino	tu|ri|fi|ca|[ção]
turificador	adjetivo	tu|ri|fi|ca|[dor]
turificador	nome masculino	tu|ri|fi|ca|[dor]
turificante	adjetivo	tu|ri|fi|[can]|te
turificar	verbo	tu|ri|fi|[car]
turimua	nome feminino	tu|ri|[mu]|a
turina	nome masculino	tu|[ri]|na
turina	nome feminino	tu|[ri]|na
turinês	adjetivo	tu|ri|[nês]
turinês	nome masculino	tu|ri|[nês]
turinesa	nome feminino	tu|ri|[ne]|sa
turíngia	nome feminino	tu|[rín]|gi|a
turingiano	adjetivo	tu|rin|gi|[a]|no
turingiano	nome masculino	tu|rin|gi|[a]|no
turíngico	adjetivo	tu|[rín]|gi|co
turíngio	adjetivo	tu|[rín]|gi|o
turíngio	nome masculino	tu|[rín]|gi|o
turingite	nome feminino	tu|rin|[gi]|te
turingo	adjetivo	tu|[rin]|go
turingo	nome masculino	tu|[rin]|go
turino	adjetivo	tu|[ri]|no
turino	nome masculino	tu|[ri]|no
turional	adjetivo	tu|ri|o|[nal]
turiri	nome masculino	tu|ri|[ri]
turismo	nome masculino	tu|[ris]|mo
turista	nome masculino	tu|[ris]|ta
turista	nome feminino	tu|[ris]|ta
turisticamente	advérbio	tu|ris|ti|ca|[men]|te
turístico	adjetivo	tu|[rís]|ti|co
turiúa	nome feminino	tu|ri|[ú]|a
turma	nome feminino	[tur]|ma
turma-piloto	nome feminino	tur|ma-pi|[lo]|to
turmalina	nome feminino	tur|ma|[li]|na
turmalinoso	adjetivo	tur|ma|li|[no]|so
turmeiro	nome masculino	tur|[mei]|ro
turmentino	adjetivo	tur|men|[ti]|no
turmentino	nome masculino	tur|men|[ti]|no
turna	nome feminino	[tur]|na
turnário	adjetivo	tur|[ná]|ri|o
turnê	nome feminino	tur|[nê]
turnedó	nome masculino	tur|ne|[dó]
turnedô	nome masculino	tur|ne|[dô]
túrnepo	nome masculino	[túr]|ne|po
turnera	nome feminino	tur|[ne]|ra
