táquide	nome feminino	[tá]|qui|de
taquidrite	nome feminino	ta|qui|[dri]|te
taquidrômia	nome feminino	ta|qui|[drô]|mi|a
taquidrómia	nome feminino	ta|qui|[dró]|mi|a
taquifagia	nome feminino	ta|qui|fa|[gi]|a
taquifrasia	nome feminino	ta|qui|fra|[si]|a
taquigénese	nome feminino	ta|qui|[gé]|ne|se
taquigênese	nome feminino	ta|qui|[gê]|ne|se
taquígono	nome masculino	ta|[quí]|go|no
taquigrafar	verbo	ta|qui|gra|[far]
taquigrafia	nome feminino	ta|qui|gra|[fi]|a
taquigraficamente	advérbio	ta|qui|gra|fi|ca|[men]|te
taquigráfico	adjetivo	ta|qui|[grá]|fi|co
taquígrafo	adjetivo	ta|[quí]|gra|fo
taquígrafo	nome masculino	ta|[quí]|gra|fo
taquilalia	nome feminino	ta|qui|la|[li]|a
taquilálico	adjetivo	ta|qui|[lá]|li|co
taquilálico	nome masculino	ta|qui|[lá]|li|co
taquilha	nome feminino	ta|[qui]|lha
taquílito	nome masculino	ta|[quí]|li|to
taquimetria	nome feminino	ta|qui|me|[tri]|a
taquimétrico	adjetivo	ta|qui|[mé]|tri|co
taquímetro	nome masculino	ta|[quí]|me|tro
taquiplóter	nome masculino	ta|qui|[pló]|ter
taquipneia	nome feminino	ta|quip|[nei]|a
taquipneico	adjetivo	ta|quip|[nei]|co
taquípode	nome masculino	ta|[quí]|po|de
taquíporo	nome masculino	ta|[quí]|po|ro
taquipsiquia	nome feminino	ta|quip|si|[qui]|a
taquirá	nome masculino	ta|qui|[rá]
tara	nome feminino	[ta]|ra
taracena	nome feminino	ta|ra|[ce]|na
tarada	nome feminino	ta|[ra]|da
tarado	nome masculino	ta|[ra]|do
tarado	adjetivo	ta|[ra]|do
taralhão	nome masculino	ta|ra|[lhão]
taralhar	verbo	ta|ra|[lhar]
taralheira	nome feminino	ta|ra|[lhei]|ra
taralhoeira	nome feminino	ta|ra|lho|[ei]|ra
taralhouco	adjetivo	ta|ra|[lhou]|co
taramá	nome feminino	ta|ra|[má]
taramá	nome masculino	ta|ra|[má]
tarambecos	nome masculino	ta|ram|[be]|cos
tarambola	nome feminino	ta|ram|[bo]|la
tarambote	nome masculino	ta|ram|[bo]|te
taramela	nome feminino	ta|ra|[me]|la
taramela	adjetivo	ta|ra|[me]|la
taramela	nome masculino	ta|ra|[me]|la
taramelagem	nome feminino	ta|ra|me|[la]|gem
taramelar	verbo	ta|ra|me|[lar]
taramelear	verbo	ta|ra|me|le|[ar]
tarameleira	nome feminino	ta|ra|me|[lei]|ra
tarameleiro	adjetivo	ta|ra|me|[lei]|ro
tarameleiro	nome masculino	ta|ra|me|[lei]|ro
taramelice	nome feminino	ta|ra|me|[li]|ce
taramelo	nome masculino	ta|ra|[me]|lo
taramembé	adjetivo	ta|ra|mem|[bé]
taramembé	nome masculino	ta|ra|mem|[bé]
taramembé	nome feminino	ta|ra|mem|[bé]
tarampabo	nome masculino	ta|ram|[pa]|bo
tarampantão	nome masculino	ta|ram|pan|[tão]
taranta	nome masculino	ta|[ran]|ta
taranta	adjetivo	ta|[ran]|ta
taranta	nome feminino	ta|[ran]|ta
tarantela	nome feminino	ta|ran|[te]|la
tarantela	nome masculino	ta|ran|[te]|la
tarantismo	nome masculino	ta|ran|[tis]|mo
tarântula	nome feminino	ta|[rân]|tu|la
tarantulismo	nome masculino	ta|ran|tu|[lis]|mo
tarapema	nome feminino	ta|ra|[pe]|ma
tarapitinga	nome feminino	ta|ra|pi|[tin]|ga
tarapoto	nome masculino	ta|ra|[po]|to
tarar	verbo	ta|[rar]
tarara	nome feminino	ta|[ra]|ra
tarará	nome masculino	ta|ra|[rá]
tararaçu	nome masculino	ta|ra|ra|[çu]
tarária	nome feminino	ta|[rá]|ri|a
tarasca	nome feminino	ta|[ras]|ca
tarasco	nome masculino	ta|[ras]|co
tarasco	adjetivo	ta|[ras]|co
tarasquento	adjetivo	ta|ras|[quen]|to
tarata	nome masculino	ta|[ra]|ta
taratufo	nome masculino	ta|ra|[tu]|fo
tarau	nome masculino	ta|[rau]
taraucense	adjetivo	ta|rau|[cen]|se
taraucense	nome masculino	ta|rau|[cen]|se
taraucense	nome feminino	ta|rau|[cen]|se
taráxaco	nome masculino	ta|[rá]|xa|co
tarba	nome feminino	[tar]|ba
tarbelo	adjetivo	tar|[be]|lo
tarbelo	nome masculino	tar|[be]|lo
tarca	nome feminino	[tar]|ca
tardada	nome feminino	tar|[da]|da
tardador	adjetivo	tar|da|[dor]
tardador	nome masculino	tar|da|[dor]
tardamento	nome masculino	tar|da|[men]|to
tardança	nome feminino	tar|[dan]|ça
tardão	adjetivo	tar|[dão]
tardão	nome masculino	tar|[dão]
tardar	verbo	tar|[dar]
