tacticógrafo	nome masculino	tac|ti|[có]|gra|fo
táctil	adjetivo	[tác]|til
tactilidade	nome feminino	tac|ti|li|[da]|de
tactilmente	advérbio	tac|til|[men]|te
tactismo	nome masculino	tac|[tis]|mo
tacto	nome masculino	[tac]|to
tacto	adjetivo	[tac]|to
tactura	nome feminino	tac|[tu]|ra
tacuíra	nome feminino	ta|cu|[í]|ra
tacuité	nome masculino	ta|cui|[té]
tacula	nome feminino	ta|[cu]|la
tacumbaíva	nome feminino	ta|cum|ba|[í]|va
tacuná	adjetivo	ta|cu|[ná]
tacuná	nome masculino	ta|cu|[ná]
tacuná	nome feminino	ta|cu|[ná]
tacuru	nome masculino	ta|cu|[ru]
taçuru	nome masculino	ta|çu|[ru]
tacuruba	nome feminino	ta|cu|[ru]|ba
tádega	nome feminino	[tá]|de|ga
tadiate	adjetivo	ta|di|[a]|te
tadiate	nome masculino	ta|di|[a]|te
tadiate	nome feminino	ta|di|[a]|te
tadinate	adjetivo	ta|di|[na]|te
tadinate	nome masculino	ta|di|[na]|te
tadinate	nome feminino	ta|di|[na]|te
tadorno	adjetivo	ta|[dor]|no
taekwondo	nome masculino	ta|ek|won|do
tael	nome masculino	ta|[el]
tafal-tafal	nome feminino	ta|fal-ta|[fal]
tafe-tafe	nome masculino	ta|fe-ta|fe
tafecira	nome feminino	ta|fe|[ci]|ra
tafetá	nome masculino	ta|fe|[tá]
tafiá	nome masculino	ta|fi|[á]
tafife	nome masculino	ta|[fi]|fe
tafilete	nome masculino	ta|fi|[le]|te
táfio	adjetivo	[tá]|fi|o
táfio	nome masculino	[tá]|fi|o
tafofobia	nome feminino	ta|fo|fo|[bi]|a
tafófobo	adjetivo	ta|[fó]|fo|bo
tafófobo	nome masculino	ta|[fó]|fo|bo
tafoné	nome masculino	ta|fo|[né]
tafoneiro	adjetivo	ta|fo|[nei]|ro
taforeia	nome feminino	ta|fo|[rei]|a
tafria	nome feminino	ta|[fri]|a
tafrócero	nome masculino	ta|[fró]|ce|ro
tafródero	nome masculino	ta|[fró]|de|ro
taful	nome masculino	ta|[ful]
taful	adjetivo	ta|[ful]
taful	nome feminino	ta|[ful]
tafula	nome feminino	ta|[fu]|la
tafular	verbo	ta|fu|[lar]
tafularia	nome feminino	ta|fu|la|[ri]|a
tafulhar	verbo	ta|fu|[lhar]
tafulho	nome masculino	ta|[fu]|lho
tafulice	nome feminino	ta|fu|[li]|ce
tafulo	adjetivo	ta|[fu]|lo
tafur	adjetivo	ta|[fur]
tagala	nome feminino	ta|[ga]|la
tagalho	nome masculino	ta|[ga]|lho
tagalo	adjetivo	ta|[ga]|lo
tagalo	nome masculino	ta|[ga]|lo
tagana	nome feminino	ta|[ga]|na
tagantada	nome feminino	ta|gan|[ta]|da
tagantar	verbo	ta|gan|[tar]
tagante	nome masculino	ta|[gan]|te
taganteador	adjetivo	ta|gan|te|a|[dor]
taganteador	nome masculino	ta|gan|te|a|[dor]
tagantear	verbo	ta|gan|te|[ar]
tagarela	nome masculino	ta|ga|[re]|la
tagarela	nome feminino	ta|ga|[re]|la
tagarela	adjetivo	ta|ga|[re]|la
tagarelar	verbo	ta|ga|re|[lar]
tagarelice	nome feminino	ta|ga|re|[li]|ce
tagari	adjetivo	ta|ga|[ri]
tagari	nome masculino	ta|ga|[ri]
tagari	nome feminino	ta|ga|[ri]
tagarino	nome masculino	ta|ga|[ri]|no
tagarote	nome masculino	ta|ga|[ro]|te
tagarra	nome feminino	ta|[gar]|ra
tagarrão	nome masculino	ta|gar|[rão]
tagarrilha	nome feminino	ta|gar|[ri]|lha
tagarrina	nome feminino	ta|gar|[ri]|na
tagarrinha	nome feminino	ta|gar|[ri]|nha
tagassasto	nome masculino	ta|gas|[sas]|to
tagastense	adjetivo	ta|gas|[ten]|se
tagastense	nome masculino	ta|gas|[ten]|se
tagastense	nome feminino	ta|gas|[ten]|se
tagaté	nome masculino	ta|ga|[té]
tagaz	nome masculino	ta|[gaz]
tagénia	nome feminino	ta|[gé]|ni|a
tagênia	nome feminino	ta|[gê]|ni|a
tagete	nome masculino	ta|[ge]|te
tágico	adjetivo	[tá]|gi|co
tágide	nome feminino	[tá]|gi|de
tagídeo	adjetivo	ta|[gí]|de|o
tagma	nome masculino	[tag]|ma
tágora	adjetivo	[tá]|go|ra
tágora	nome masculino	[tá]|go|ra
tágora	nome feminino	[tá]|go|ra
tagra	nome feminino	[ta]|gra
