taleiga	nome feminino	ta|[lei]|ga
taleigada	nome feminino	ta|lei|[ga]|da
taleigo	nome masculino	ta|[lei]|go
taleira	nome feminino	ta|[lei]|ra
talentaço	nome masculino	ta|len|[ta]|ço
talentão	nome masculino	ta|len|[tão]
talentário	nome masculino	ta|len|[tá]|ri|o
talento	nome masculino	ta|[len]|to
talentosamente	advérbio	ta|len|to|sa|[men]|te
talentoso	adjetivo	ta|len|[to]|so
táler	nome masculino	[tá]|ler
talético	adjetivo	ta|[lé]|ti|co
taleto	nome masculino	ta|[le]|to
talha	nome feminino	[ta]|lha
talha-dente	nome masculino	ta|lha-den|te
talha-frio	nome masculino	ta|lha-fri|o
talha-mar	nome masculino	ta|lha-mar
talhada	nome feminino	ta|[lha]|da
talhadão	nome masculino	ta|lha|[dão]
talhadeira	nome feminino	ta|lha|[dei]|ra
talhadia	nome feminino	ta|lha|[di]|a
talhadiço	adjetivo	ta|lha|[di]|ço
talhado	adjetivo	ta|[lha]|do
talhado	nome masculino	ta|[lha]|do
talhadoiro	nome masculino	ta|lha|[doi]|ro
talhador	nome masculino	ta|lha|[dor]
talhador	adjetivo	ta|lha|[dor]
talhadouro	nome masculino	ta|lha|[dou]|ro
talhadura	nome feminino	ta|lha|[du]|ra
talhame	nome masculino	ta|[lha]|me
talhamento	nome masculino	ta|lha|[men]|to
talhante	nome masculino	ta|[lhan]|te
talhante	adjetivo	ta|[lhan]|te
talhante	nome feminino	ta|[lhan]|te
talhão	nome masculino	ta|[lhão]
talhar	verbo	ta|[lhar]
talharia	nome feminino	ta|lha|[ri]|a
talharim	nome masculino	ta|lha|[rim]
talharola	nome feminino	ta|lha|[ro]|la
talhável	adjetivo	ta|[lhá]|vel
talhe	nome masculino	[ta]|lhe
talheiro	nome masculino	ta|[lhei]|ro
talher	nome masculino	ta|[lher]
talhinha	nome feminino	ta|[lhi]|nha
talho	nome masculino	[ta]|lho
talia	nome feminino	ta|[li]|a
tália	nome feminino	[tá]|li|a
taliáceo	adjetivo	ta|li|[á]|ce|o
taliáceo	nome masculino	ta|li|[á]|ce|o
talião	nome masculino	ta|li|[ão]
taliate	adjetivo	ta|li|[a]|te
taliate	nome masculino	ta|li|[a]|te
taliate	nome feminino	ta|li|[a]|te
taliato	nome masculino	ta|li|[a]|to
talibã	nome masculino	ta|li|[bã]
taliban	nome masculino	ta|li|[ban]
talibé	nome masculino	ta|li|[bé]
tálico	adjetivo	[tá]|li|co
talictro	nome masculino	ta|[lic]|tro
talidomida	nome feminino	ta|li|do|[mi]|da
taliforme	adjetivo	ta|li|[for]|me
talim	nome masculino	ta|[lim]
talina	nome feminino	ta|[li]|na
talinga	nome feminino	ta|[lin]|ga
talingado	adjetivo	ta|lin|[ga]|do
talingadura	nome feminino	ta|lin|ga|[du]|ra
talingar	verbo	ta|lin|[gar]
talinheira	nome feminino	ta|li|[nhei]|ra
talinhos	nome masculino	ta|[li]|nhos
tálio	nome masculino	[tá]|li|o
talionar	verbo	ta|li|o|[nar]
talionato	nome masculino	ta|li|o|[na]|to
talioso	adjetivo	ta|li|[o]|so
talisca	nome feminino	ta|[lis]|ca
talísia	nome feminino	ta|[lí]|si|a
talismã	nome masculino	ta|lis|[mã]
talismânico	adjetivo	ta|lis|[mâ]|ni|co
talisquento	adjetivo	ta|lis|[quen]|to
talitro	nome masculino	ta|[li]|tro
tálitro	nome masculino	[tá]|li|tro
talk-show	nome masculino	[talk-show]
talmuda	nome feminino	tal|[mu]|da
talmúdico	adjetivo	tal|[mú]|di|co
talmudismo	nome masculino	tal|mu|[dis]|mo
talmudista	nome masculino	tal|mu|[dis]|ta
talmudista	nome feminino	tal|mu|[dis]|ta
talmudístico	adjetivo	tal|mu|[dís]|ti|co
talo	nome masculino	[ta]|lo
taloca	nome feminino	ta|[lo]|ca
taloca	nome masculino	ta|[lo]|ca
talocha	nome feminino	ta|[lo]|cha
taloeira	nome feminino	ta|lo|[ei]|ra
talofilo	nome masculino	ta|lo|[fi]|lo
talófita	nome feminino	ta|[ló]|fi|ta
talofítico	adjetivo	ta|lo|[fí]|ti|co
talófito	nome masculino	ta|[ló]|fi|to
talonado	adjetivo	ta|lo|[na]|do
talonário	nome masculino	ta|lo|[ná]|ri|o
talonário	adjetivo	ta|lo|[ná]|ri|o
taloro	adjetivo	ta|[lo]|ro
