transcodificar	verbo	trans|co|di|fi|[car]
transcodificável	adjetivo	trans|co|di|fi|[cá]|vel
transcolação	nome feminino	trans|co|la|[ção]
transcolar	verbo	trans|co|[lar]
transcolatório	adjetivo	trans|co|la|[tó]|ri|o
transcondutância	nome feminino	trans|con|du|[tân]|ci|a
transcontinental	adjetivo	trans|con|ti|nen|[tal]
transcorno	nome masculino	trans|[cor]|no
transcorrência	nome feminino	trans|cor|[rên]|ci|a
transcorrente	adjetivo	trans|cor|[ren]|te
transcorrer	verbo	trans|cor|[rer]
transcorrido	adjetivo	trans|cor|[ri]|do
transcorvo	adjetivo	trans|[cor]|vo
transcrever	verbo	trans|cre|[ver]
transcriação	nome feminino	trans|cri|a|[ção]
transcrição	nome feminino	trans|cri|[ção]
transcriptase	nome feminino	trans|crip|[ta]|se
transcríptase	nome feminino	trans|[críp]|ta|se
transcrito	adjetivo	trans|[cri]|to
transcrito	nome masculino	trans|[cri]|to
transcritor	adjetivo	trans|cri|[tor]
transcritor	nome masculino	trans|cri|[tor]
transcritora	nome feminino	trans|cri|[to]|ra
transcudano	adjetivo	trans|cu|[da]|no
transcudano	nome masculino	trans|cu|[da]|no
transculturação	nome feminino	trans|cul|tu|ra|[ção]
transcurar	verbo	trans|cu|[rar]
transcurral	nome masculino	trans|cur|[ral]
transcursão	nome feminino	trans|cur|[são]
transcursar	verbo	trans|cur|[sar]
transcurso	nome masculino	trans|[cur]|so
transcurvo	adjetivo	trans|[cur]|vo
transdanubiano	adjetivo	trans|da|nu|bi|[a]|no
transdanubiano	nome masculino	trans|da|nu|bi|[a]|no
transdisciplinar	adjetivo	trans|dis|ci|pli|[nar]
transdisciplinaridade	nome feminino	trans|dis|ci|pli|na|ri|[da]|de
transdução	nome feminino	trans|du|[ção]
transdutor	nome masculino	trans|du|[tor]
transe	nome masculino	[tran]|se
transecular	adjetivo	tran|se|cu|[lar]
transena	nome feminino	tran|[se]|na
transeptal	adjetivo	tran|sep|[tal]
transepto	nome masculino	tran|[sep]|to
transequatorial	adjetivo	tran|se|qua|to|ri|[al]
transerrano	adjetivo	tran|ser|[ra]|no
transeunte	nome masculino	tran|se|[un]|te
transeunte	adjetivo	tran|se|[un]|te
transeunte	nome feminino	tran|se|[un]|te
transeuropeu	adjetivo	tran|seu|ro|[peu]
transexual	adjetivo	tran|se|xu|[al]
transexual	nome masculino	tran|se|xu|[al]
transexual	nome feminino	tran|se|xu|[al]
transexualidade	nome feminino	tran|se|xu|a|li|[da]|de
transexualismo	nome masculino	tran|se|xu|a|[lis]|mo
transferase	nome feminino	trans|fe|[ra]|se
transferência	nome feminino	trans|fe|[rên]|ci|a
transferente	adjetivo	trans|fe|[ren]|te
transferibilidade	nome feminino	trans|fe|ri|bi|li|[da]|de
transferidor	adjetivo	trans|fe|ri|[dor]
transferidor	nome masculino	trans|fe|ri|[dor]
transferidora	nome feminino	trans|fe|ri|[do]|ra
transferir	verbo	trans|fe|[rir]
transferível	adjetivo	trans|fe|[rí]|vel
transfiguração	nome feminino	trans|fi|gu|ra|[ção]
transfigurado	nome masculino	trans|fi|gu|[ra]|do
transfigurado	adjetivo	trans|fi|gu|[ra]|do
transfigurador	adjetivo	trans|fi|gu|ra|[dor]
transfigurador	nome masculino	trans|fi|gu|ra|[dor]
transfiguramento	nome masculino	trans|fi|gu|ra|[men]|to
transfigurar	verbo	trans|fi|gu|[rar]
transfigurável	adjetivo	trans|fi|gu|[rá]|vel
transfiltrar	verbo	trans|fil|[trar]
transfinito	adjetivo	trans|fi|[ni]|to
transfixação	nome feminino	trans|fi|xa|[ção]
transfixão	nome feminino	trans|fi|[xão]
transfixar	verbo	trans|fi|[xar]
transfolado	adjetivo	trans|fo|[la]|do
transfonação	nome feminino	trans|fo|na|[ção]
transfonar	verbo	trans|fo|[nar]
transforação	nome feminino	trans|fo|ra|[ção]
transforador	nome masculino	trans|fo|ra|[dor]
transforar	verbo	trans|fo|[rar]
transformabilidade	nome feminino	trans|for|ma|bi|li|[da]|de
transformação	nome feminino	trans|for|ma|[ção]
transformacional	adjetivo	trans|for|ma|ci|o|[nal]
transformada	nome feminino	trans|for|[ma]|da
transformado	adjetivo	trans|for|[ma]|do
transformador	nome masculino	trans|for|ma|[dor]
transformador	adjetivo	trans|for|ma|[dor]
transformadora	nome feminino	trans|for|ma|[do]|ra
transformante	adjetivo	trans|for|[man]|te
transformar	verbo	trans|for|[mar]
transformativo	adjetivo	trans|for|ma|[ti]|vo
transformável	adjetivo	trans|for|[má]|vel
transformismo	nome masculino	trans|for|[mis]|mo
transformista	nome masculino	trans|for|[mis]|ta
transformista	adjetivo	trans|for|[mis]|ta
transformista	nome feminino	trans|for|[mis]|ta
transfretano	adjetivo	trans|fre|[ta]|no
transfretar	verbo	trans|fre|[tar]
