transfronteiras	adjetivo	trans|fron|[tei]|ras
transfronteiriço	adjetivo	trans|fron|tei|[ri]|ço
trânsfuga	nome masculino	[trâns]|fu|ga
trânsfuga	nome feminino	[trâns]|fu|ga
transfúgio	nome masculino	trans|[fú]|gi|o
transfugir	verbo	trans|fu|[gir]
transfunctório	adjetivo	trans|func|[tó]|ri|o
transfundir	verbo	trans|fun|[dir]
transfuntório	adjetivo	trans|fun|[tó]|ri|o
transfusão	nome feminino	trans|fu|[são]
transfusivamente	advérbio	trans|fu|si|va|[men]|te
transfusível	adjetivo	trans|fu|[sí]|vel
transfusivo	adjetivo	trans|fu|[si]|vo
transgangético	adjetivo	trans|gan|[gé]|ti|co
transgênico	adjetivo	trans|[gê]|ni|co
transgénico	adjetivo	trans|[gé]|ni|co
transgredir	verbo	trans|gre|[dir]
transgredível	adjetivo	trans|gre|[dí]|vel
transgressão	nome feminino	trans|gres|[são]
transgressivamente	advérbio	trans|gres|si|va|[men]|te
transgressivo	adjetivo	trans|gres|[si]|vo
transgressor	adjetivo	trans|gres|[sor]
transgressor	nome masculino	trans|gres|[sor]
transgressora	nome feminino	trans|gres|[so]|ra
transiberiano	adjetivo	tran|si|be|ri|[a]|no
transiberiano	nome masculino	tran|si|be|ri|[a]|no
transição	nome feminino	tran|si|[ção]
transido	adjetivo	tran|[si]|do
transiente	adjetivo	tran|si|[en]|te
transigência	nome feminino	tran|si|[gên]|ci|a
transigente	adjetivo	tran|si|[gen]|te
transigente	nome masculino	tran|si|[gen]|te
transigente	nome feminino	tran|si|[gen]|te
transigibilidade	nome feminino	tran|si|gi|bi|li|[da]|de
transigido	adjetivo	tran|si|[gi]|do
transigir	verbo	tran|si|[gir]
transigível	adjetivo	tran|si|[gí]|vel
transiluminação	nome feminino	tran|si|lu|mi|na|[ção]
transiluminado	adjetivo	tran|si|lu|mi|[na]|do
transiluminado	nome masculino	tran|si|lu|mi|[na]|do
transilvana	nome feminino	tran|sil|[va]|na
transilvano	adjetivo	tran|sil|[va]|no
transilvano	nome masculino	tran|sil|[va]|no
transir	verbo	tran|[sir]
transístor	nome masculino	tran|[sís]|tor
transistorizado	adjetivo	tran|sis|to|ri|[za]|do
transistorizar	verbo	tran|sis|to|ri|[zar]
transitabilidade	nome feminino	tran|si|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
transitado	adjetivo	tran|si|[ta]|do
transitar	verbo	tran|si|[tar]
transitária	nome feminino	tran|si|[tá]|ri|a
transitário	nome masculino	tran|si|[tá]|ri|o
transitário	adjetivo	tran|si|[tá]|ri|o
transitável	adjetivo	tran|si|[tá]|vel
transitivamente	advérbio	tran|si|ti|va|[men]|te
transitivar	verbo	tran|si|ti|[var]
transitividade	nome feminino	tran|si|ti|vi|[da]|de
transitivo	adjetivo	tran|si|[ti]|vo
trânsito	nome masculino	[trân]|si|to
transitoriamente	advérbio	tran|si|to|ri|a|[men]|te
transitoriedade	nome feminino	tran|si|to|ri|e|[da]|de
transitório	adjetivo	tran|si|[tó]|ri|o
transjordânico	adjetivo	trans|jor|[dâ]|ni|co
transjordano	adjetivo	trans|jor|[da]|no
transjordano	nome masculino	trans|jor|[da]|no
transjugar	verbo	trans|ju|[gar]
transjurano	adjetivo	trans|ju|[ra]|no
translação	nome feminino	trans|la|[ção]
translacional	adjetivo	trans|la|ci|o|[nal]
transladação	nome feminino	trans|la|da|[ção]
transladador	adjetivo	trans|la|da|[dor]
transladador	nome masculino	trans|la|da|[dor]
transladar	verbo	trans|la|[dar]
transladável	adjetivo	trans|la|[dá]|vel
translado	nome masculino	trans|[la]|do
translatamente	advérbio	trans|la|ta|[men]|te
translatício	adjetivo	trans|la|[tí]|ci|o
translativo	adjetivo	trans|la|[ti]|vo
translato	adjetivo	trans|[la]|to
translator	nome masculino	trans|la|[tor]
translineação	nome feminino	trans|li|ne|a|[ção]
translinear	verbo	trans|li|ne|[ar]
transliteração	nome feminino	trans|li|te|ra|[ção]
transliterar	verbo	trans|li|te|[rar]
transliterável	adjetivo	trans|li|te|[rá]|vel
translocação	nome feminino	trans|lo|ca|[ção]
translucidação	nome feminino	trans|lu|ci|da|[ção]
translucidamente	advérbio	trans|lu|ci|da|[men]|te
translucidar	verbo	trans|lu|ci|[dar]
translucidez	nome feminino	trans|lu|ci|[dez]
translúcido	adjetivo	trans|[lú]|ci|do
translumbrar	verbo	trans|lum|[brar]
transluzente	adjetivo	trans|lu|[zen]|te
transluzimento	nome masculino	trans|lu|zi|[men]|to
transluzir	verbo	trans|lu|[zir]
transmalhar	verbo	trans|ma|[lhar]
transmanchuriano	adjetivo	trans|man|chu|ri|[a]|no
transmarino	adjetivo	trans|ma|[ri]|no
transmeabilidade	nome feminino	trans|me|a|bi|li|[da]|de
transmear	verbo	trans|me|[ar]
