transmeável	adjetivo	trans|me|[á]|vel
transmediterrâneo	adjetivo	trans|me|di|ter|[râ]|ne|o
transmigração	nome feminino	trans|mi|gra|[ção]
transmigrador	adjetivo	trans|mi|gra|[dor]
transmigrador	nome masculino	trans|mi|gra|[dor]
transmigrante	adjetivo	trans|mi|[gran]|te
transmigrar	verbo	trans|mi|[grar]
transmigratório	adjetivo	trans|mi|gra|[tó]|ri|o
transmissão	nome feminino	trans|mis|[são]
transmissário	nome masculino	trans|mis|[sá]|ri|o
transmissibilidade	nome feminino	trans|mis|si|bi|li|[da]|de
transmissível	adjetivo	trans|mis|[sí]|vel
transmissivelmente	advérbio	trans|mis|si|vel|[men]|te
transmissividade	nome feminino	trans|mis|si|vi|[da]|de
transmissivo	adjetivo	trans|mis|[si]|vo
transmissor	adjetivo	trans|mis|[sor]
transmissor	nome masculino	trans|mis|[sor]
transmissora	nome feminino	trans|mis|[so]|ra
transmissório	adjetivo	trans|mis|[só]|ri|o
transmitendo	adjetivo	trans|mi|[ten]|do
transmitente	adjetivo	trans|mi|[ten]|te
transmitente	nome masculino	trans|mi|[ten]|te
transmitente	nome feminino	trans|mi|[ten]|te
transmitir	verbo	trans|mi|[tir]
transmontana	nome feminino	trans|mon|[ta]|na
transmontanismo	nome masculino	trans|mon|ta|[nis]|mo
transmontano	nome masculino	trans|mon|[ta]|no
transmontano	adjetivo	trans|mon|[ta]|no
transmontar	verbo	trans|mon|[tar]
transmonto	nome masculino	trans|[mon]|to
transmover	verbo	trans|mo|[ver]
transmudação	nome feminino	trans|mu|da|[ção]
transmudamento	nome masculino	trans|mu|da|[men]|to
transmudar	verbo	trans|mu|[dar]
transmudável	adjetivo	trans|mu|[dá]|vel
transmutabilidade	nome feminino	trans|mu|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
transmutação	nome feminino	trans|mu|ta|[ção]
transmutar	verbo	trans|mu|[tar]
transmutativo	adjetivo	trans|mu|ta|[ti]|vo
transmutável	adjetivo	trans|mu|[tá]|vel
transnacional	adjetivo	trans|na|ci|o|[nal]
transnadar	verbo	trans|na|[dar]
transnavegar	verbo	trans|na|ve|[gar]
transnoitar	verbo	trans|noi|[tar]
transnominação	nome feminino	trans|no|mi|na|[ção]
transnominar	verbo	trans|no|mi|[nar]
transnúpcias	nome feminino	trans|[núp]|ci|as
transobjectivo	adjetivo	tran|sob|jec|[ti]|vo
transobjetivo	adjetivo	tran|sob|je|[ti]|vo
transoceânico	adjetivo	tran|so|ce|[â]|ni|co
transoceaniense	adjetivo	tran|so|ce|a|ni|[en]|se
transónico	adjetivo	tran|[só]|ni|co
transônico	adjetivo	tran|[sô]|ni|co
transordinariamente	advérbio	tran|sor|di|na|ri|a|[men]|te
transordinário	adjetivo	tran|sor|di|[ná]|ri|o
transpadano	adjetivo	trans|pa|[da]|no
transparecer	verbo	trans|pa|re|[cer]
transparência	nome feminino	trans|pa|[rên]|ci|a
transparentar	verbo	trans|pa|ren|[tar]
transparente	nome masculino	trans|pa|[ren]|te
transparente	adjetivo	trans|pa|[ren]|te
transparentemente	advérbio	trans|pa|ren|te|[men]|te
transpassação	nome feminino	trans|pas|sa|[ção]
transpassamento	nome masculino	trans|pas|sa|[men]|to
transpassar	verbo	trans|pas|[sar]
transpasse	nome masculino	trans|[pas]|se
transpiração	nome feminino	trans|pi|ra|[ção]
transpiradeiro	nome masculino	trans|pi|ra|[dei]|ro
transpirar	verbo	trans|pi|[rar]
transpiratório	adjetivo	trans|pi|ra|[tó]|ri|o
transpiratório	nome masculino	trans|pi|ra|[tó]|ri|o
transpirável	adjetivo	trans|pi|[rá]|vel
transpirenaico	adjetivo	trans|pi|re|[nai]|co
transplantabilidade	nome feminino	trans|plan|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
transplantação	nome feminino	trans|plan|ta|[ção]
transplantador	nome masculino	trans|plan|ta|[dor]
transplantador	adjetivo	trans|plan|ta|[dor]
transplantar	verbo	trans|plan|[tar]
transplantatório	adjetivo	trans|plan|ta|[tó]|ri|o
transplantável	adjetivo	trans|plan|[tá]|vel
transplante	nome feminino	trans|[plan]|te
transplante	nome masculino	trans|[plan]|te
transplantio	nome masculino	trans|plan|[ti]|o
transplatino	adjetivo	trans|pla|[ti]|no
transpolar	adjetivo	trans|po|[lar]
transponibilidade	nome feminino	trans|po|ni|bi|li|[da]|de
transponível	adjetivo	trans|po|[ní]|vel
transpor	verbo	trans|[por]
transportabilidade	nome feminino	trans|por|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
transportação	nome feminino	trans|por|ta|[ção]
transportador	nome masculino	trans|por|ta|[dor]
transportador	adjetivo	trans|por|ta|[dor]
transportadora	nome feminino	trans|por|ta|[do]|ra
transportamento	nome masculino	trans|por|ta|[men]|to
transportar	verbo	trans|por|[tar]
transportável	adjetivo	trans|por|[tá]|vel
transporte	nome masculino	trans|[por]|te
transposição	nome feminino	trans|po|si|[ção]
transpositivo	adjetivo	trans|po|si|[ti]|vo
transpositor	adjetivo	trans|po|si|[tor]
