taloro	nome masculino	ta|[lo]|ro
taloso	adjetivo	ta|[lo]|so
talpária	nome feminino	tal|[pá]|ri|a
tálpida	nome masculino	[tál]|pi|da
talpídeo	nome masculino	tal|[pí]|de|o
talpídeo	adjetivo	tal|[pí]|de|o
talpídeo	nome masculino	tal|[pí]|de|o
talpiforme	adjetivo	tal|pi|[for]|me
talpófila	nome feminino	tal|[pó]|fi|la
talqualmente	advérbio	tal|qual|[men]|te
taluca	nome feminino	ta|[lu]|ca
taluda	nome feminino	ta|[lu]|da
taludamento	nome masculino	ta|lu|da|[men]|to
taludão	nome masculino	ta|lu|[dão]
taludar	verbo	ta|lu|[dar]
talude	nome masculino	ta|[lu]|de
taludeu	adjetivo	ta|lu|[deu]
taludeu	nome masculino	ta|lu|[deu]
taludo	adjetivo	ta|[lu]|do
taludote	adjetivo	ta|lu|[do]|te
talvegue	nome masculino	tal|[ve]|gue
talvez	advérbio	tal|[vez]
tamacarica	nome feminino	ta|ma|ca|[ri]|ca
tamagueiro	nome masculino	ta|ma|[guei]|ro
tamalavez	advérbio	ta|ma|la|[vez]
tamanca	nome feminino	ta|[man]|ca
tamancada	nome feminino	ta|man|[ca]|da
tamancar	verbo	ta|man|[car]
tamancaria	nome feminino	ta|man|ca|[ri]|a
tamanco	adjetivo	ta|[man]|co
tamanco	nome masculino	ta|[man]|co
tamancudo	adjetivo	ta|man|[cu]|do
tamanduá	nome masculino	ta|man|du|[á]
tamanduá-açu	nome masculino	ta|man|du|á-a|[çu]
tamanduá-mirim	nome masculino	ta|man|du|á-mi|[rim]
tamanduaí	nome masculino	ta|man|du|a|[í]
tamanhã	nome feminino	ta|ma|[nhã]
tamanhão	adjetivo	ta|ma|[nhão]
tamanhão	nome masculino	ta|ma|[nhão]
tamanhinha	nome feminino	ta|ma|[nhi]|nha
tamanhinho	adjetivo	ta|ma|[nhi]|nho
tamanhinho	nome masculino	ta|ma|[nhi]|nho
tamanhino	adjetivo	ta|ma|[nhi]|no
tamanho	adjetivo	ta|[ma]|nho
tamanho	nome masculino	ta|[ma]|nho
tamanhona	nome feminino	ta|ma|[nho]|na
tamanhouço	adjetivo	ta|ma|[nhou]|ço
tamaninho	adjetivo	ta|ma|[ni]|nho
tamanino	adjetivo	ta|ma|[ni]|no
tamanquear	verbo	ta|man|que|[ar]
tamanqueira	nome feminino	ta|man|[quei]|ra
tamanqueiro	nome masculino	ta|man|[quei]|ro
tamanquinha	nome feminino	ta|man|[qui]|nha
tamão	nome masculino	ta|[mão]
tamaotarana	nome feminino	ta|ma|o|ta|[ra]|na
tamaquaré	nome masculino	ta|ma|qua|[ré]
tâmara	nome feminino	[tâ]|ma|ra
tamaral	nome masculino	ta|ma|[ral]
tamarana	nome feminino	ta|ma|[ra]|na
tamarança	nome feminino	ta|ma|[ran]|ça
tamararé	adjetivo	ta|ma|ra|[ré]
tamararé	nome masculino	ta|ma|ra|[ré]
tamararé	nome feminino	ta|ma|ra|[ré]
tamareira	nome feminino	ta|ma|[rei]|ra
tamarês	adjetivo	ta|ma|[rês]
tamarês	nome masculino	ta|ma|[rês]
tamarga	nome feminino	ta|[mar]|ga
tamargal	nome masculino	ta|mar|[gal]
tamargueira	nome feminino	ta|mar|[guei]|ra
tamaricácea	nome feminino	ta|ma|ri|[cá]|ce|a
tamaricáceo	adjetivo	ta|ma|ri|[cá]|ce|o
tamarinada	nome feminino	ta|ma|ri|[na]|da
tamarindal	nome masculino	ta|ma|rin|[dal]
tamarindeira	nome feminino	ta|ma|rin|[dei]|ra
tamarindeiro	nome masculino	ta|ma|rin|[dei]|ro
tamarindo	nome masculino	ta|ma|[rin]|do
tamarineira	nome feminino	ta|ma|ri|[nei]|ra
tamarineiro	nome masculino	ta|ma|ri|[nei]|ro
tamarinheiro	nome masculino	ta|ma|ri|[nhei]|ro
tamarinho	nome masculino	ta|ma|[ri]|nho
tamarino	nome masculino	ta|ma|[ri]|no
tamarisco	nome masculino	ta|ma|[ris]|co
tamariz	nome masculino	ta|ma|[riz]
tamaru	nome masculino	ta|ma|[ru]
tamarutaca	nome feminino	ta|ma|ru|[ta]|ca
tamarutaca	nome masculino	ta|ma|ru|[ta]|ca
tamaseu	adjetivo	ta|ma|[seu]
tamaseu	nome masculino	ta|ma|[seu]
tamatiá	nome masculino	ta|ma|ti|[á]
tamaxeque	nome masculino	ta|ma|[xe]|que
tamazight	nome masculino	ta|ma|zight
tambá	nome masculino	tam|[bá]
tambaca	nome feminino	tam|[ba]|ca
tambaco	nome masculino	tam|[ba]|co
tambacumba	nome feminino	tam|ba|[cum]|ba
tambaíba	nome feminino	tam|ba|[í]|ba
tambaque	nome masculino	tam|[ba]|que
tambaqui	nome masculino	tam|ba|[qui]
tambarane	nome masculino	tam|ba|[ra]|ne
tambarineiro	nome masculino	tam|ba|ri|[nei]|ro
