traqueostenose	nome feminino	tra|que|os|te|[no]|se
traqueostomia	nome feminino	tra|que|os|to|[mi]|a
traqueostómico	adjetivo	tra|que|os|[tó]|mi|co
traqueostômico	adjetivo	tra|que|os|[tô]|mi|co
traqueotomia	nome feminino	tra|que|o|to|[mi]|a
traqueotómico	adjetivo	tra|que|o|[tó]|mi|co
traqueotômico	adjetivo	tra|que|o|[tô]|mi|co
traquete	nome masculino	tra|[que]|te
traquetina	nome feminino	tra|que|[ti]|na
traquibérnia	nome feminino	tra|qui|[bér]|ni|a
traquicardia	nome feminino	tra|qui|car|[di]|a
traquicardíaco	adjetivo	tra|qui|car|[dí]|a|co
traquicarpo	adjetivo	tra|qui|[car]|po
traquicarpo	nome masculino	tra|qui|[car]|po
traquimedusa	nome feminino	tra|qui|me|[du]|sa
traquina	adjetivo	tra|[qui]|na
traquina	nome masculino	tra|[qui]|na
traquina	nome feminino	tra|[qui]|na
traquinada	nome feminino	tra|qui|[na]|da
traquinado	nome masculino	tra|qui|[na]|do
traquinagem	nome feminino	tra|qui|[na]|gem
traquinar	verbo	tra|qui|[nar]
traquinas	adjetivo	tra|[qui]|nas
traquinas	nome masculino	tra|[qui]|nas
traquinas	nome feminino	tra|[qui]|nas
traquinemídeo	nome masculino	tra|qui|ne|[mí]|de|o
traquinemo	nome masculino	tra|qui|[ne]|mo
traquinice	nome feminino	tra|qui|[ni]|ce
traquínida	nome masculino	tra|[quí]|ni|da
traquinídeo	adjetivo	tra|qui|[ní]|de|o
traquinídeo	nome masculino	tra|qui|[ní]|de|o
traquinídeo	nome masculino	tra|qui|[ní]|de|o
traquínio	adjetivo	tra|[quí]|ni|o
traquínio	nome masculino	tra|[quí]|ni|o
traquino	adjetivo	tra|[qui]|no
traquino	nome masculino	tra|[qui]|no
traquinote	nome masculino	tra|qui|[no]|te
traquíola	nome feminino	tra|[quí]|o|la
traquipterídeo	nome masculino	tra|quip|te|[rí]|de|o
traquíptero	nome masculino	tra|[quíp]|te|ro
traquitana	nome feminino	tra|qui|[ta]|na
traquitana	nome masculino	tra|qui|[ta]|na
traquitanar	verbo	tra|qui|ta|[nar]
traquite	nome feminino	tra|[qui]|te
traquítico	adjetivo	tra|[quí]|ti|co
traquito	nome masculino	tra|[qui]|to
traquitoide	adjetivo	tra|qui|[toi]|de
traquitoporfírico	adjetivo	tra|qui|to|por|[fí]|ri|co
trás	interjeição	[trás]
trás	preposição	[trás]
trás-anteontem	advérbio	trás-an|te|[on]|tem
trasantontem	advérbio	tra|san|[ton]|tem
trasbordadura	nome feminino	tras|bor|da|[du]|ra
trasbordamento	nome masculino	tras|bor|da|[men]|to
trasbordante	adjetivo	tras|bor|[dan]|te
trasbordar	verbo	tras|bor|[dar]
trasbordo	nome masculino	tras|[bor]|do
trascâmara	nome feminino	tras|[câ]|ma|ra
trascurar	verbo	tras|cu|[rar]
traseira	nome feminino	tra|[sei]|ra
traseiro	nome masculino	tra|[sei]|ro
traseiro	adjetivo	tra|[sei]|ro
trasfega	nome feminino	tras|[fe]|ga
trasfegador	adjetivo	tras|fe|ga|[dor]
trasfegador	nome masculino	tras|fe|ga|[dor]
trasfegadura	nome feminino	tras|fe|ga|[du]|ra
trasfegar	verbo	tras|fe|[gar]
trasfego	nome masculino	tras|[fe]|go
trasfegueiro	nome masculino	tras|fe|[guei]|ro
trasflor	nome masculino	tras|[flor]
trasfogueiro	nome masculino	tras|fo|[guei]|ro
trasfoliar	verbo	tras|fo|li|[ar]
trasga	nome feminino	[tras]|ga
trasgo	nome masculino	[tras]|go
trasguear	verbo	tras|gue|[ar]
trasgueiro	nome masculino	tras|[guei]|ro
traslação	nome feminino	tras|la|[ção]
trasladação	nome feminino	tras|la|da|[ção]
trasladador	adjetivo	tras|la|da|[dor]
trasladador	nome masculino	tras|la|da|[dor]
trasladar	verbo	tras|la|[dar]
trasladável	adjetivo	tras|la|[dá]|vel
traslado	nome masculino	tras|[la]|do
traslar	nome masculino	tras|[lar]
trasmontana	nome feminino	tras|mon|[ta]|na
trasmontanismo	nome masculino	tras|mon|ta|[nis]|mo
trasmontano	adjetivo	tras|mon|[ta]|no
trasmontano	nome masculino	tras|mon|[ta]|no
trasmontar	verbo	tras|mon|[tar]
trasmudação	nome feminino	tras|mu|da|[ção]
trasmudamento	nome masculino	tras|mu|da|[men]|to
trasmudar	verbo	tras|mu|[dar]
trasmudável	adjetivo	tras|mu|[dá]|vel
trasnoitar	verbo	tras|noi|[tar]
trasorelho	nome masculino	tra|so|[re]|lho
traspassação	nome feminino	tras|pas|sa|[ção]
traspassador	adjetivo	tras|pas|sa|[dor]
traspassador	nome masculino	tras|pas|sa|[dor]
traspassamento	nome masculino	tras|pas|sa|[men]|to
traspassar	verbo	tras|pas|[sar]
