tremelear	verbo	tre|me|le|[ar]
tremelejar	verbo	tre|me|le|[jar]
tremelejo	nome masculino	tre|me|[le]|jo
tremelga	nome feminino	tre|[mel]|ga
tremelhicar	verbo	tre|me|lhi|[car]
tremelhique	nome masculino	tre|me|[lhi]|que
tremelica	adjetivo	tre|me|[li]|ca
tremelica	nome masculino	tre|me|[li]|ca
tremelica	nome feminino	tre|me|[li]|ca
tremelicação	nome feminino	tre|me|li|ca|[ção]
tremelicante	adjetivo	tre|me|li|[can]|te
tremelicar	verbo	tre|me|li|[car]
tremelicas	adjetivo	tre|me|[li]|cas
tremelicas	nome masculino	tre|me|[li]|cas
tremelicas	nome feminino	tre|me|[li]|cas
tremelicoso	adjetivo	tre|me|li|[co]|so
tremelique	nome masculino	tre|me|[li]|que
tremelique	adjetivo	tre|me|[li]|que
tremeliquento	adjetivo	tre|me|li|[quen]|to
tremeliques	nome masculino	tre|me|[li]|ques
tremeliques	nome feminino	tre|me|[li]|ques
tremeliques	adjetivo	tre|me|[li]|ques
tremeluzente	adjetivo	tre|me|lu|[zen]|te
tremeluzir	verbo	tre|me|lu|[zir]
tremembé	adjetivo	tre|mem|[bé]
tremembé	nome masculino	tre|mem|[bé]
tremembé	nome feminino	tre|mem|[bé]
tremenda	nome feminino	tre|[men]|da
tremendamente	advérbio	tre|men|da|[men]|te
tremendo	adjetivo	tre|[men]|do
tremenho	nome masculino	tre|[me]|nho
tremente	adjetivo	tre|[men]|te
trementina	nome feminino	tre|men|[ti]|na
tremer	verbo	tre|[mer]
tremês	adjetivo	tre|[mês]
tremesada	nome feminino	tre|me|[sa]|da
tremesinho	adjetivo	tre|me|[si]|nho
tremiculoso	adjetivo	tre|mi|cu|[lo]|so
tremidamente	advérbio	tre|mi|da|[men]|te
tremido	adjetivo	tre|[mi]|do
tremido	nome masculino	tre|[mi]|do
tremifusa	nome feminino	tre|mi|[fu]|sa
tremilongo	nome masculino	tre|mi|[lon]|go
tremisse	nome masculino	tre|[mis]|se
trémito	nome masculino	[tré]|mi|to
trêmito	nome masculino	[trê]|mi|to
tremó	nome masculino	tre|[mó]
tremoçada	nome feminino	tre|mo|[ça]|da
tremoçagem	nome feminino	tre|mo|[ça]|gem
tremoçal	nome masculino	tre|mo|[çal]
tremoção	nome masculino	tre|mo|[ção]
tremoçar	verbo	tre|mo|[çar]
tremoceira	nome feminino	tre|mo|[cei]|ra
tremoceiro	nome masculino	tre|mo|[cei]|ro
tremocilho	nome masculino	tre|mo|[ci]|lho
tremoço	nome masculino	tre|[mo]|ço
tremoia	nome feminino	tre|[moi]|a
tremolar	verbo	tre|mo|[lar]
tremolita	nome feminino	tre|mo|[li]|ta
tremolite	nome feminino	tre|mo|[li]|te
tremolo	nome masculino	tre|[mo]|lo
tremonha	nome feminino	tre|[mo]|nha
tremonhado	nome masculino	tre|mo|[nha]|do
tremonhal	nome masculino	tre|mo|[nhal]
tremontelo	nome masculino	tre|mon|[te]|lo
tremor	nome masculino	tre|[mor]
trempe	nome feminino	[trem]|pe
trempem	nome feminino	[trem]|pem
tremudar	verbo	tre|mu|[dar]
tremulação	nome feminino	tre|mu|la|[ção]
tremulamente	advérbio	tre|mu|la|[men]|te
tremulamento	nome masculino	tre|mu|la|[men]|to
tremulante	adjetivo	tre|mu|[lan]|te
tremular	verbo	tre|mu|[lar]
tremúleo	adjetivo	tre|[mú]|le|o
tremulim	nome masculino	tre|mu|[lim]
tremulina	nome feminino	tre|mu|[li]|na
tremulinar	verbo	tre|mu|li|[nar]
trémulo	adjetivo	[tré]|mu|lo
trémulo	nome masculino	[tré]|mu|lo
trêmulo	adjetivo	[trê]|mu|lo
trêmulo	nome masculino	[trê]|mu|lo
tremuloso	adjetivo	tre|mu|[lo]|so
tremunido	nome masculino	tre|mu|[ni]|do
tremura	nome feminino	tre|[mu]|ra
trena	nome feminino	[tre]|na
trenar	verbo	tre|[nar]
trenel	nome masculino	tre|[nel]
trenético	adjetivo	tre|[né]|ti|co
trenético	nome masculino	tre|[né]|ti|co
trengo	adjetivo	[tren]|go
trengo	nome masculino	[tren]|go
trenguice	nome feminino	tren|[gui]|ce
trénico	adjetivo	[tré]|ni|co
trênico	adjetivo	[trê]|ni|co
treno	nome masculino	[tre]|no
trenó	nome masculino	tre|[nó]
trentino	adjetivo	tren|[ti]|no
trentino	nome masculino	tren|[ti]|no
trentoura	nome feminino	tren|[tou]|ra
