tricodáctilo	adjetivo	tri|co|[dác]|ti|lo
tricodesma	nome masculino	tri|co|[des]|ma
tricodésmio	nome masculino	tri|co|[dés]|mi|o
tricodonte	adjetivo	tri|co|[don]|te
tricofitia	nome feminino	tri|co|fi|[ti]|a
tricofitíase	nome feminino	tri|co|fi|[tí]|a|se
tricófito	nome masculino	tri|[có]|fi|to
tricofobia	nome feminino	tri|co|fo|[bi]|a
tricófobo	adjetivo	tri|[có]|fo|bo
tricogínio	nome masculino	tri|co|[gí]|ni|o
tricógino	nome masculino	tri|[có]|gi|no
tricoglossia	nome feminino	tri|co|glos|[si]|a
tricogónia	nome feminino	tri|co|[gó]|ni|a
tricogônia	nome feminino	tri|co|[gô]|ni|a
tricoide	adjetivo	tri|[coi]|de
tricolo	adjetivo	tri|[co]|lo
tricolo	nome masculino	tri|[co]|lo
tricologia	nome feminino	tri|co|lo|[gi]|a
tricológico	adjetivo	tri|co|[ló]|gi|co
tricologista	nome masculino	tri|co|lo|[gis]|ta
tricologista	nome feminino	tri|co|lo|[gis]|ta
tricolor	adjetivo	tri|co|[lor]
tricolor	nome masculino	tri|co|[lor]
tricolor	nome feminino	tri|co|[lor]
tricoma	nome masculino	tri|[co]|ma
tricomania	nome feminino	tri|co|ma|[ni]|a
tricomaníaco	adjetivo	tri|co|ma|[ní]|a|co
tricomaníaco	nome masculino	tri|co|ma|[ní]|a|co
tricómano	nome masculino	tri|[có]|ma|no
tricômano	nome masculino	tri|[cô]|ma|no
tricomária	nome feminino	tri|co|[má]|ri|a
tricomático	adjetivo	tri|co|[má]|ti|co
tricomatoso	adjetivo	tri|co|ma|[to]|so
tricomicose	nome feminino	tri|co|mi|[co]|se
tricomónade	nome feminino	tri|co|[mó]|na|de
tricomônade	nome feminino	tri|co|[mô]|na|de
tricopatia	nome feminino	tri|co|pa|[ti]|a
tricopília	nome feminino	tri|co|[pí]|li|a
tricopirite	nome feminino	tri|co|pi|[ri]|te
tricópode	nome masculino	tri|[có]|po|de
tricopódio	nome masculino	tri|co|[pó]|di|o
tricóptero	nome masculino	tri|[cóp]|te|ro
tricoptilose	nome feminino	tri|cop|ti|[lo]|se
tricorde	adjetivo	tri|[cor]|de
tricorde	nome masculino	tri|[cor]|de
tricordiana	nome feminino	tri|cor|di|[a]|na
tricordiano	adjetivo	tri|cor|di|[a]|no
tricordiano	nome masculino	tri|cor|di|[a]|no
tricórdio	nome masculino	tri|[cór]|di|o
tricordo	adjetivo	tri|[cor]|do
tricordo	nome masculino	tri|[cor]|do
tricório	adjetivo	tri|[có]|ri|o
tricório	nome masculino	tri|[có]|ri|o
tricorne	adjetivo	tri|[cor]|ne
tricorne	nome masculino	tri|[cor]|ne
tricórnio	nome masculino	tri|[cór]|ni|o
tricorpóreo	adjetivo	tri|cor|[pó]|re|o
tricorréctico	adjetivo	tri|cor|[réc]|ti|co
tricorrético	adjetivo	tri|cor|[ré]|ti|co
tricorrexia	nome feminino	tri|cor|re|[xi]|a
tricorrizo	nome masculino	tri|cor|[ri]|zo
tricose	nome feminino	tri|[co]|se
tricoso	adjetivo	tri|[co]|so
tricospermo	adjetivo	tri|cos|[per]|mo
tricosporia	nome feminino	tri|cos|po|[ri]|a
tricósquise	nome feminino	tri|[cós]|qui|se
tricossépalo	adjetivo	tri|cos|[sé]|pa|lo
tricossomo	nome masculino	tri|cos|[so]|mo
tricóstomo	nome masculino	tri|[cós]|to|mo
tricot	nome masculino	tri|cot
tricotada	nome feminino	tri|co|[ta]|da
tricotar	verbo	tri|co|[tar]
tricote	nome masculino	tri|[co]|te
tricotiledóneo	adjetivo	tri|co|ti|le|[dó]|ne|o
tricotiledôneo	adjetivo	tri|co|ti|le|[dô]|ne|o
tricotilomania	nome feminino	tri|co|ti|lo|ma|[ni]|a
tricotomia	nome feminino	tri|co|to|[mi]|a
tricotómico	adjetivo	tri|co|[tó]|mi|co
tricotômico	adjetivo	tri|co|[tô]|mi|co
tricótomo	adjetivo	tri|[có]|to|mo
tricotraquelídeo	nome masculino	tri|co|tra|que|[lí]|de|o
tricroico	adjetivo	tri|[croi]|co
tricroísmo	nome masculino	tri|cro|[ís]|mo
tricromático	adjetivo	tri|cro|[má]|ti|co
tricromia	nome feminino	tri|cro|[mi]|a
tricrômico	adjetivo	tri|[crô]|mi|co
tricrómico	adjetivo	tri|[cró]|mi|co
trícroto	adjetivo	[trí]|cro|to
tricúspide	nome feminino	tri|[cús]|pi|de
tricúspide	adjetivo	tri|[cús]|pi|de
tridácio	nome masculino	tri|[dá]|ci|o
tridacno	nome masculino	tri|[dac]|no
tridáctilo	adjetivo	tri|[dác]|ti|lo
tridáctilo	nome masculino	tri|[dác]|ti|lo
tridátilo	adjetivo	tri|[dá]|ti|lo
tridátilo	nome masculino	tri|[dá]|ti|lo
tridentado	adjetivo	tri|den|[ta]|do
tridente	adjetivo	tri|[den]|te
tridente	nome masculino	tri|[den]|te
tridênteo	adjetivo	tri|[dên]|te|o
