tridentífero	adjetivo	tri|den|[tí]|fe|ro
tridentígero	adjetivo	tri|den|[tí]|ge|ro
tridentino	adjetivo	tri|den|[ti]|no
tridentino	nome masculino	tri|den|[ti]|no
tridérmico	adjetivo	tri|[dér]|mi|co
tridésmide	nome feminino	tri|[dés]|mi|de
tridi	nome masculino	tri|[di]
tridigitado	adjetivo	tri|di|gi|[ta]|do
tridimensional	adjetivo	tri|di|men|si|o|[nal]
tridimensionalidade	nome feminino	tri|di|men|si|o|na|li|[da]|de
tridimita	nome feminino	tri|di|[mi]|ta
tridimite	nome feminino	tri|di|[mi]|te
trídimo	nome masculino	[trí]|di|mo
tridinanismo	nome masculino	tri|di|na|[nis]|mo
tridodecaedro	nome masculino	tri|do|de|ca|[e]|dro
tridracmo	nome masculino	tri|[drac]|mo
triduano	adjetivo	tri|du|[a]|no
tríduo	nome masculino	[trí]|du|o
triebdomadário	adjetivo	tri|eb|do|ma|[dá]|ri|o
triecia	nome feminino	tri|e|[ci]|a
triécia	nome feminino	tri|[é]|ci|a
triécico	adjetivo	tri|[é]|ci|co
trieco	adjetivo	tri|[e]|co
triedro	nome masculino	tri|[e]|dro
triedro	adjetivo	tri|[e]|dro
triemímere	adjetivo	tri|e|[mí]|me|re
trienado	nome masculino	tri|e|[na]|do
trienal	adjetivo	tri|e|[nal]
trienalmente	advérbio	tri|e|nal|[men]|te
triencefalia	nome feminino	tri|en|ce|fa|[li]|a
triencefálico	adjetivo	tri|en|ce|[fá]|li|co
triencéfalo	adjetivo	tri|en|[cé]|fa|lo
triénio	nome masculino	tri|[é]|ni|o
triênio	nome masculino	tri|[ê]|ni|o
triental	nome feminino	tri|en|[tal]
triente	nome masculino	tri|[en]|te
trierarca	nome masculino	tri|e|[rar]|ca
trierarco	nome masculino	tri|e|[rar]|co
trierarquia	nome feminino	tri|e|rar|[qui]|a
triere	nome feminino	tri|[e]|re
triestino	adjetivo	tri|es|[ti]|no
triestino	nome masculino	tri|es|[ti]|no
trietérico	nome masculino	tri|e|[té]|ri|co
trietéride	nome feminino	tri|e|[té]|ri|de
triexaedro	nome masculino	tri|e|xa|[e]|dro
trifacial	nome masculino	tri|fa|ci|[al]
trifacial	adjetivo	tri|fa|ci|[al]
trifânio	nome masculino	tri|[fâ]|ni|o
trifanite	nome feminino	tri|fa|[ni]|te
trifário	adjetivo	tri|[fá]|ri|o
trifármaco	nome masculino	tri|[fár]|ma|co
trifásico	adjetivo	tri|[fá]|si|co
trifásico	nome masculino	tri|[fá]|si|co
trifauce	adjetivo	tri|[fau]|ce
trifena	nome feminino	tri|[fe]|na
trifenina	nome feminino	tri|fe|[ni]|na
triférrico	adjetivo	tri|[fér]|ri|co
triferrina	nome feminino	tri|fer|[ri]|na
triferroso	adjetivo	tri|fer|[ro]|so
trífido	adjetivo	[trí]|fi|do
trifilina	nome feminino	tri|fi|[li]|na
trifilo	adjetivo	tri|[fi]|lo
trifisária	nome feminino	tri|fi|[sá]|ri|a
trifloro	adjetivo	tri|[flo]|ro
trifólia	nome feminino	tri|[fó]|li|a
trifoliácea	nome feminino	tri|fo|li|[á]|ce|a
trifoliado	adjetivo	tri|fo|li|[a]|do
trifolino	nome masculino	tri|fo|[li]|no
trifólio	adjetivo	tri|[fó]|li|o
trifólio	nome masculino	tri|[fó]|li|o
trifoliolado	adjetivo	tri|fo|li|o|[la]|do
trifoliose	nome feminino	tri|fo|li|[o]|se
trifonia	nome feminino	tri|fo|[ni]|a
triforfai	nome masculino	tri|for|[fai]
trifório	nome masculino	tri|[fó]|ri|o
triforme	adjetivo	tri|[for]|me
trifurcação	nome feminino	tri|fur|ca|[ção]
trifurcar	verbo	tri|fur|[car]
trifusa	nome feminino	tri|[fu]|sa
triga	nome feminino	[tri]|ga
triga	adjetivo	[tri]|ga
triga-milha	nome feminino	tri|ga-mi|lha
triga-milha	adjetivo	tri|ga-mi|lha
trigada	nome feminino	tri|[ga]|da
trigães	nome feminino	tri|[gães]
trigal	adjetivo	tri|[gal]
trigal	nome masculino	tri|[gal]
trígama	nome feminino	[trí]|ga|ma
trigamia	nome feminino	tri|ga|[mi]|a
trígamo	nome masculino	[trí]|ga|mo
trigança	nome feminino	tri|[gan]|ça
trigar	verbo	tri|[gar]
trigário	nome masculino	tri|[gá]|ri|o
trigástrico	adjetivo	tri|[gás]|tri|co
trigémea	nome feminino	tri|[gé]|me|a
trigêmea	nome feminino	tri|[gê]|me|a
trigémeo	nome masculino	tri|[gé]|me|o
trigémeo	adjetivo	tri|[gé]|me|o
trigêmeo	adjetivo	tri|[gê]|me|o
trigêmeo	nome masculino	tri|[gê]|me|o
