tritónida	nome masculino	tri|[tó]|ni|da
tritonídeo	nome masculino	tri|to|[ní]|de|o
tritonídeo	adjetivo	tri|to|[ní]|de|o
tritonídeo	nome masculino	tri|to|[ní]|de|o
tritoniídeo	nome masculino	tri|to|ni|[í]|de|o
tritoniídeo	adjetivo	tri|to|ni|[í]|de|o
trítono	nome masculino	[trí]|to|no
tritotônico	adjetivo	tri|to|[tô]|ni|co
tritotónico	adjetivo	tri|to|[tó]|ni|co
trituberculado	adjetivo	tri|tu|ber|cu|[la]|do
tritura	nome feminino	tri|[tu]|ra
trituração	nome feminino	tri|tu|ra|[ção]
triturado	adjetivo	tri|tu|[ra]|do
triturador	adjetivo	tri|tu|ra|[dor]
triturador	nome masculino	tri|tu|ra|[dor]
trituradora	nome feminino	tri|tu|ra|[do]|ra
trituramento	nome masculino	tri|tu|ra|[men]|to
triturar	verbo	tri|tu|[rar]
triturável	adjetivo	tri|tu|[rá]|vel
triulato	adjetivo	triu|[la]|to
triulato	nome masculino	triu|[la]|to
triumpilino	adjetivo	tri|um|pi|[li]|no
triumpilino	nome masculino	tri|um|pi|[li]|no
triunfador	nome masculino	tri|un|fa|[dor]
triunfador	adjetivo	tri|un|fa|[dor]
triunfadora	nome feminino	tri|un|fa|[do]|ra
triunfal	adjetivo	tri|un|[fal]
triunfalismo	nome masculino	tri|un|fa|[lis]|mo
triunfalista	nome masculino	tri|un|fa|[lis]|ta
triunfalista	adjetivo	tri|un|fa|[lis]|ta
triunfalista	nome feminino	tri|un|fa|[lis]|ta
triunfalístico	adjetivo	tri|un|fa|[lís]|ti|co
triunfalmente	advérbio	tri|un|fal|[men]|te
triunfante	adjetivo	tri|un|[fan]|te
triunfantemente	advérbio	tri|un|fan|te|[men]|te
triunfar	verbo	tri|un|[far]
triunfeminato	nome masculino	tri|un|fe|mi|[na]|to
triunfo	nome masculino	tri|[un]|fo
triunvirado	nome masculino	tri|un|vi|[ra]|do
triunviral	adjetivo	tri|un|vi|[ral]
triunvirato	nome masculino	tri|un|vi|[ra]|to
triúnviro	nome masculino	tri|[ún]|vi|ro
triúso	adjetivo	tri|[ú]|so
triúso	nome masculino	tri|[ú]|so
trivalência	nome feminino	tri|va|[lên]|ci|a
trivalente	adjetivo	tri|va|[len]|te
trivalve	adjetivo	tri|[val]|ve
trivela	nome feminino	tri|[ve]|la
trivial	nome masculino	tri|vi|[al]
trivial	adjetivo	tri|vi|[al]
trivialidade	nome feminino	tri|vi|a|li|[da]|de
trivialismo	nome masculino	tri|vi|a|[lis]|mo
trivialização	nome feminino	tri|vi|a|li|za|[ção]
trivializado	adjetivo	tri|vi|a|li|[za]|do
trivializar	verbo	tri|vi|a|li|[zar]
trivialmente	advérbio	tri|vi|al|[men]|te
trívio	nome masculino	[trí]|vi|o
trívio	adjetivo	[trí]|vi|o
trivogal	nome feminino	tri|vo|[gal]
triz	nome masculino	[triz]
triz	nome feminino	[triz]
trízia	nome feminino	[trí]|zi|a
trizíncico	adjetivo	tri|[zín]|ci|co
trizircônico	adjetivo	tri|zir|[cô]|ni|co
trizircónico	adjetivo	tri|zir|[có]|ni|co
troada	nome feminino	tro|[a]|da
troante	adjetivo	tro|[an]|te
troar	nome masculino	tro|[ar]
troar	verbo	tro|[ar]
trobone	nome feminino	tro|[bo]|ne
trobonista	nome feminino	tro|bo|[nis]|ta
troca	nome feminino	[tro]|ca
troça	nome feminino	[tro]|ça
troça	adjetivo	[tro]|ça
troca-bolas	nome masculino	tro|ca-bo|las
troca-bolas	nome feminino	tro|ca-bo|las
troca-pernas	nome masculino	tro|ca-per|nas
troca-queixos	nome masculino	tro|ca-quei|xos
troca-teclas	nome masculino	tro|ca-te|clas
troca-teclas	adjetivo	tro|ca-te|clas
troca-teclas	nome feminino	tro|ca-te|clas
troca-tintas	nome masculino	tro|ca-tin|tas
troca-tintas	nome feminino	tro|ca-tin|tas
troca-tintice	nome feminino	tro|ca-tin|[ti]|ce
trocadamente	advérbio	tro|ca|da|[men]|te
trocadilhar	verbo	tro|ca|di|[lhar]
trocadilhista	nome masculino	tro|ca|di|[lhis]|ta
trocadilhista	nome feminino	tro|ca|di|[lhis]|ta
trocadilho	nome masculino	tro|ca|[di]|lho
trocado	adjetivo	tro|[ca]|do
trocado	nome masculino	tro|[ca]|do
trocador	adjetivo	tro|ca|[dor]
trocador	nome masculino	tro|ca|[dor]
troçador	adjetivo	tro|ça|[dor]
troçador	nome masculino	tro|ça|[dor]
trocaico	adjetivo	tro|[cai]|co
trocaico	nome masculino	tro|[cai]|co
trocal	adjetivo	tro|[cal]
trocano	nome masculino	tro|[ca]|no
troçante	adjetivo	tro|[çan]|te
