unaiense	nome masculino	u|nai|[en]|se
unaiense	nome feminino	u|nai|[en]|se
unamente	advérbio	u|na|[men]|te
unanimar	verbo	u|na|ni|[mar]
unânime	adjetivo	u|[nâ]|ni|me
unanimemente	advérbio	u|na|ni|me|[men]|te
unanimidade	nome feminino	u|na|ni|mi|[da]|de
unanimificar	verbo	u|na|ni|mi|fi|[car]
unanimismo	nome masculino	u|na|ni|[mis]|mo
unanimista	nome masculino	u|na|ni|[mis]|ta
unanimista	adjetivo	u|na|ni|[mis]|ta
unanimista	nome feminino	u|na|ni|[mis]|ta
unar	verbo	u|[nar]
unário	adjetivo	u|[ná]|ri|o
unau	nome masculino	u|[nau]
unção	nome feminino	un|[ção]
uncial	adjetivo	un|ci|[al]
unciário	adjetivo	un|ci|[á]|ri|o
unciforme	adjetivo	un|ci|[for]|me
unciforme	nome masculino	un|ci|[for]|me
uncinado	adjetivo	un|ci|[na]|do
uncinária	nome feminino	un|ci|[ná]|ri|a
uncinaríase	nome feminino	un|ci|na|[rí]|a|se
uncinariose	nome feminino	un|ci|na|ri|[o]|se
uncíneo	adjetivo	un|[cí]|ne|o
uncínia	nome feminino	un|[cí]|ni|a
uncínula	nome feminino	un|[cí]|nu|la
uncipene	adjetivo	un|ci|[pe]|ne
uncirrosto	adjetivo	un|cir|[ros]|to
uncirrostro	nome masculino	un|cir|[ros]|tro
uncirrostro	adjetivo	un|cir|[ros]|tro
undabundo	adjetivo	un|da|[bun]|do
undação	nome feminino	un|da|[ção]
undalo	nome masculino	un|[da]|lo
undante	adjetivo	un|[dan]|te
undecágono	nome masculino	un|de|[cá]|go|no
undecenal	adjetivo	un|de|ce|[nal]
undecênviro	nome masculino	un|de|[cên]|vi|ro
undecimano	nome masculino	un|de|ci|[ma]|no
undécimo	adjetivo	un|[dé]|ci|mo
undécimo	nome masculino	un|[dé]|ci|mo
undécimo	número fraccional	un|[dé]|ci|mo
undécimo	número ordinal	un|[dé]|ci|mo
undecirreme	nome feminino	un|de|cir|[re]|me
undecumano	nome masculino	un|de|cu|[ma]|no
undécuplo	nome masculino	un|[dé]|cu|plo
undécuplo	número multiplicativo	un|[dé]|cu|plo
undécuplo	adjetivo	un|[dé]|cu|plo
undeira	nome feminino	un|[dei]|ra
underground	nome masculino	un|der|ground
underground	adjetivo	un|der|ground
underwear	nome feminino	un|der|wear
undevicesimano	nome masculino	un|de|vi|ce|si|[ma]|no
undícola	adjetivo	un|[dí]|co|la
undícola	nome masculino	un|[dí]|co|la
undícola	nome feminino	un|[dí]|co|la
undífero	adjetivo	un|[dí]|fe|ro
undiflavo	adjetivo	un|di|[fla]|vo
undífluo	adjetivo	un|[dí]|flu|o
undísseco	adjetivo	un|[dís]|se|co
undíssono	adjetivo	un|[dís]|so|no
undívago	adjetivo	un|[dí]|va|go
undo	nome masculino	[un]|do
undoso	adjetivo	un|[do]|so
undular	verbo	un|du|[lar]
undulosamente	advérbio	un|du|lo|sa|[men]|te
unduloso	adjetivo	un|du|[lo]|so
unelo	adjetivo	u|[ne]|lo
unelo	nome masculino	u|[ne]|lo
ungida	nome feminino	un|[gi]|da
ungido	adjetivo	un|[gi]|do
ungido	nome masculino	un|[gi]|do
ungidouro	nome masculino	un|gi|[dou]|ro
ungir	verbo	un|[gir]
ungual	adjetivo	un|[gual]
unguari	nome masculino	un|gua|[ri]
ungue	nome masculino	[un]|gue
ungueal	adjetivo	un|gue|[al]
unguebe	nome masculino	un|[gue]|be
unguentáceo	adjetivo	un|guen|[tá]|ce|o
unguentar	verbo	un|guen|[tar]
unguentária	nome feminino	un|guen|[tá]|ri|a
unguentário	adjetivo	un|guen|[tá]|ri|o
unguentário	nome masculino	un|guen|[tá]|ri|o
unguento	nome masculino	un|[guen]|to
ungui	nome masculino	un|[gui]
unguiculado	adjetivo	un|gui|cu|[la]|do
unguiculado	nome masculino	un|gui|cu|[la]|do
unguífero	adjetivo	un|[guí]|fe|ro
unguiforme	adjetivo	un|gui|[for]|me
unguinoso	adjetivo	un|gui|[no]|so
únguis	nome masculino	[ún]|guis
ungulado	adjetivo	un|gu|[la]|do
ungulado	nome masculino	un|gu|[la]|do
ungulígrado	nome masculino	un|gu|[lí]|gra|do
ungulígrado	adjetivo	un|gu|[lí]|gra|do
unha	nome feminino	[u]|nha
unha de fome	nome masculino	[u]|nha de fo|me
unha-de-asno	nome feminino	u|nha-de-as|no
unha-de-boi	nome feminino	u|nha-de-boi
