hemoplástico	adjetivo	he|mo|[plás]|ti|co
hemoptíico	adjetivo	he|mop|[tí]|i|co
hemoptise	nome feminino	he|mop|[ti]|se
hemoptoico	adjetivo	he|mop|[toi]|co
hemoptoico	nome masculino	he|mop|[toi]|co
hemorragia	nome feminino	he|mor|ra|[gi]|a
hemorrágico	adjetivo	he|mor|[rá]|gi|co
hemorroida	nome feminino	he|mor|[roi]|da
hemorroidal	adjetivo	he|mor|roi|[dal]
hemorroidal	nome masculino	he|mor|roi|[dal]
hemorroidário	adjetivo	he|mor|roi|[dá]|ri|o
hemorroidário	nome masculino	he|mor|roi|[dá]|ri|o
hemorroide	nome feminino	he|mor|[roi]|de
hemorroidectomia	nome feminino	he|mor|roi|dec|to|[mi]|a
hemorroides	nome feminino	he|mor|[roi]|des
hemorroidoso	adjetivo	he|mor|roi|[do]|so
hemorroidoso	nome masculino	he|mor|roi|[do]|so
hemoscopia	nome feminino	he|mos|co|[pi]|a
hemospasia	nome feminino	he|mos|pa|[si]|a
hemospásico	adjetivo	he|mos|[pá]|si|co
hemospático	adjetivo	he|mos|[pá]|ti|co
hemospórida	nome masculino	he|mos|[pó]|ri|da
hemosporídeo	nome masculino	he|mos|po|[rí]|de|o
hemosporídeo	adjetivo	he|mos|po|[rí]|de|o
hemossiderina	nome feminino	he|mos|si|de|[ri]|na
hemossiderose	nome feminino	he|mos|si|de|[ro]|se
hemóstase	nome feminino	he|[mós]|ta|se
hemostasia	nome feminino	he|mos|ta|[si]|a
hemostática	nome feminino	he|mos|[tá]|ti|ca
hemostático	nome masculino	he|mos|[tá]|ti|co
hemostático	adjetivo	he|mos|[tá]|ti|co
hemotéctico	adjetivo	he|mo|[téc]|ti|co
hemoterapia	nome feminino	he|mo|te|ra|[pi]|a
hemoterápico	adjetivo	he|mo|te|[rá]|pi|co
hemotético	adjetivo	he|mo|[té]|ti|co
hemotexia	nome feminino	he|mo|te|[xi]|a
hemotórax	nome masculino	he|mo|[tó]|rax
hemotoxia	nome feminino	he|mo|to|[xi]|a
hemotóxico	adjetivo	he|mo|[tó]|xi|co
hemotoxina	nome feminino	he|mo|to|[xi]|na
hemúlida	nome masculino	he|[mú]|li|da
hemúlida	nome masculino	he|[mú]|li|da
hemulídeo	nome masculino	he|mu|[lí]|de|o
hemulídeo	nome masculino	he|mu|[lí]|de|o
hemulídeo	adjetivo	he|mu|[lí]|de|o
hena	nome feminino	[he]|na
hendecafilo	adjetivo	hen|de|ca|[fi]|lo
hendecágino	adjetivo	hen|de|[cá]|gi|no
hendecagonal	adjetivo	hen|de|ca|go|[nal]
hendecágono	nome masculino	hen|de|[cá]|go|no
hendecágono	adjetivo	hen|de|[cá]|go|no
hendecândria	nome feminino	hen|de|[cân]|dri|a
hendecandria	nome feminino	hen|de|can|[dri]|a
hendecandro	adjetivo	hen|de|[can]|dro
hendecassilábico	adjetivo	hen|de|cas|si|[lá]|bi|co
hendecassílabo	adjetivo	hen|de|cas|[sí]|la|bo
hendecassílabo	nome masculino	hen|de|cas|[sí]|la|bo
hendíadis	nome feminino	hen|[dí]|a|dis
héneto	adjetivo	[hé]|ne|to
héneto	nome masculino	[hé]|ne|to
hêneto	adjetivo	[hê]|ne|to
hêneto	nome masculino	[hê]|ne|to
heníoco	adjetivo	he|[ní]|o|co
heníoco	nome masculino	he|[ní]|o|co
henoteísmo	nome masculino	he|no|te|[ís]|mo
henoteísta	adjetivo	he|no|te|[ís]|ta
henoteístico	adjetivo	he|no|te|[ís]|ti|co
henótico	adjetivo	he|[nó]|ti|co
hênrio	nome masculino	[hên]|ri|o
henriquino	adjetivo	hen|ri|[qui]|no
henry	nome masculino	[hen]|ry
heortologia	nome feminino	he|or|to|lo|[gi]|a
heortológico	adjetivo	he|or|to|[ló]|gi|co
heortonímia	nome feminino	he|or|to|[ní]|mi|a
heortonímico	adjetivo	he|or|to|[ní]|mi|co
heortônimo	nome masculino	he|or|[tô]|ni|mo
heortónimo	nome masculino	he|or|[tó]|ni|mo
hepa	interjeição	[he]|pa
hépar	nome masculino	[hé]|par
heparina	nome feminino	he|pa|[ri]|na
hepatal	adjetivo	he|pa|[tal]
hepatalgia	nome feminino	he|pa|tal|[gi]|a
hepatálgico	adjetivo	he|pa|[tál]|gi|co
hepatectomia	nome feminino	he|pa|tec|to|[mi]|a
hepática	nome feminino	he|[pá]|ti|ca
hepático	nome masculino	he|[pá]|ti|co
hepático	adjetivo	he|[pá]|ti|co
hepatintestinal	adjetivo	he|pa|tin|tes|ti|[nal]
hepatismo	nome masculino	he|pa|[tis]|mo
hepatita	nome feminino	he|pa|[ti]|ta
hepatite	nome feminino	he|pa|[ti]|te
hepatização	nome feminino	he|pa|ti|za|[ção]
hepatizado	adjetivo	he|pa|ti|[za]|do
hepatizar	verbo	he|pa|ti|[zar]
hépato	nome masculino	[hé]|pa|to
hepatocele	nome feminino	he|pa|to|[ce]|le
hepatocirrose	nome feminino	he|pa|to|cir|[ro]|se
hepatocístico	adjetivo	he|pa|to|[cís]|ti|co
hepatócito	nome masculino	he|pa|[tó]|ci|to
hepatogástrico	adjetivo	he|pa|to|[gás]|tri|co
