hepatogastrite	nome feminino	he|pa|to|gas|[tri]|te
hepatografia	nome feminino	he|pa|to|gra|[fi]|a
hepatográfico	adjetivo	he|pa|to|[grá]|fi|co
hepatóloga	nome feminino	he|pa|[tó]|lo|ga
hepatologia	nome feminino	he|pa|to|lo|[gi]|a
hepatológico	adjetivo	he|pa|to|[ló]|gi|co
hepatólogo	nome masculino	he|pa|[tó]|lo|go
hepatoma	nome masculino	he|pa|[to]|ma
hepatomegalia	nome feminino	he|pa|to|me|ga|[li]|a
hepatomegálico	adjetivo	he|pa|to|me|[gá]|li|co
hepatônfalo	nome masculino	he|pa|[tôn]|fa|lo
hepatopâncreas	nome masculino	he|pa|to|[pân]|cre|as
hepatopatia	nome feminino	he|pa|to|pa|[ti]|a
hepatopático	adjetivo	he|pa|to|[pá]|ti|co
hepatopéctico	adjetivo	he|pa|to|[péc]|ti|co
hepatopético	adjetivo	he|pa|to|[pé]|ti|co
hepatopexia	nome feminino	he|pa|to|pe|[xi]|a
hepatoptose	nome feminino	he|pa|top|[to]|se
hepatorrafia	nome feminino	he|pa|tor|ra|[fi]|a
hepatorráfico	adjetivo	he|pa|tor|[rá]|fi|co
hepatorragia	nome feminino	he|pa|tor|ra|[gi]|a
hepatorreia	nome feminino	he|pa|tor|[rei]|a
hepatorreico	adjetivo	he|pa|tor|[rei]|co
hepatoscopia	nome feminino	he|pa|tos|co|[pi]|a
hepatoscópico	adjetivo	he|pa|tos|[có]|pi|co
hepatotectomia	nome feminino	he|pa|to|tec|to|[mi]|a
hepatoterapia	nome feminino	he|pa|to|te|ra|[pi]|a
hepatoterápico	adjetivo	he|pa|to|te|[rá]|pi|co
hepatotomia	nome feminino	he|pa|to|to|[mi]|a
hepatotómico	adjetivo	he|pa|to|[tó]|mi|co
hepatotômico	adjetivo	he|pa|to|[tô]|mi|co
heptacanto	adjetivo	hep|ta|[can]|to
heptacorde	nome masculino	hep|ta|[cor]|de
heptacórdio	nome masculino	hep|ta|[cór]|di|o
heptacordo	nome masculino	hep|ta|[cor]|do
heptacordo	adjetivo	hep|ta|[cor]|do
heptadáctilo	adjetivo	hep|ta|[dác]|ti|lo
heptadátilo	adjetivo	hep|ta|[dá]|ti|lo
heptaédrico	adjetivo	hep|ta|[é]|dri|co
heptaedro	nome masculino	hep|ta|[e]|dro
heptafilo	adjetivo	hep|ta|[fi]|lo
heptaginia	nome feminino	hep|ta|gi|[ni]|a
heptagínia	nome feminino	hep|ta|[gí]|ni|a
heptágino	adjetivo	hep|[tá]|gi|no
heptagonal	adjetivo	hep|ta|go|[nal]
heptágono	nome masculino	hep|[tá]|go|no
heptâmetro	adjetivo	hep|[tâ]|me|tro
heptâmetro	nome masculino	hep|[tâ]|me|tro
heptamina	nome feminino	hep|ta|[mi]|na
heptândria	nome feminino	hep|[tân]|dri|a
heptandria	nome feminino	hep|tan|[dri]|a
heptandro	adjetivo	hep|[tan]|dro
heptanemo	adjetivo	hep|ta|[ne]|mo
heptano	nome masculino	hep|[ta]|no
heptapétalo	adjetivo	hep|ta|[pé]|ta|lo
heptápilo	adjetivo	hep|[tá]|pi|lo
heptarca	nome masculino	hep|[tar]|ca
heptarquia	nome feminino	hep|tar|[qui]|a
heptárquico	adjetivo	hep|[tár]|qui|co
heptassépalo	adjetivo	hep|tas|[sé]|pa|lo
heptassilábico	adjetivo	hep|tas|si|[lá]|bi|co
heptassílabo	adjetivo	hep|tas|[sí]|la|bo
heptassílabo	nome masculino	hep|tas|[sí]|la|bo
heptástico	adjetivo	hep|[tás]|ti|co
heptástico	nome masculino	hep|[tás]|ti|co
heptateuco	nome masculino	hep|ta|[teu]|co
heptatlo	nome masculino	hep|[ta]|tlo
heptátomo	adjetivo	hep|[tá]|to|mo
héptico	adjetivo	[hép]|ti|co
heptileno	nome masculino	hep|ti|[le]|no
heptílico	adjetivo	hep|[tí]|li|co
heptilo	nome masculino	hep|[ti]|lo
heptina	nome feminino	hep|[ti]|na
héptodo	nome masculino	[hép]|to|do
heptona	nome feminino	hep|[to]|na
hera	nome feminino	[he]|ra
hera-terrestre	nome feminino	he|ra-ter|[res]|tre
heracleense	adjetivo	he|ra|cle|[en]|se
heracleense	nome masculino	he|ra|cle|[en]|se
heracleense	nome feminino	he|ra|cle|[en]|se
heracleu	adjetivo	he|ra|[cleu]
heraclida	adjetivo	he|ra|[cli]|da
heraclida	nome masculino	he|ra|[cli]|da
heraclida	nome feminino	he|ra|[cli]|da
heraclitiano	adjetivo	he|ra|cli|ti|[a]|no
heraclítico	adjetivo	he|ra|[clí]|ti|co
heraclitismo	nome masculino	he|ra|cli|[tis]|mo
heráldica	nome feminino	he|[rál]|di|ca
heraldicamente	advérbio	he|ral|di|ca|[men]|te
heráldico	nome masculino	he|[rál]|di|co
heráldico	adjetivo	he|[rál]|di|co
heraldista	nome masculino	he|ral|[dis]|ta
heraldista	nome feminino	he|ral|[dis]|ta
heraldo	nome masculino	he|[ral]|do
heraldoteca	nome feminino	he|ral|do|[te]|ca
herança	nome feminino	he|[ran]|ça
herbáceo	adjetivo	her|[bá]|ce|o
herbanário	nome masculino	her|ba|[ná]|ri|o
herbário	nome masculino	her|[bá]|ri|o
herbático	adjetivo	her|[bá]|ti|co
