hipersonoridade	nome feminino	hi|per|so|no|ri|[da]|de
hipersonoro	adjetivo	hi|per|so|[no]|ro
hipersplenia	nome feminino	hi|pers|ple|[ni]|a
hipersplénico	adjetivo	hi|pers|[plé]|ni|co
hipersplênico	adjetivo	hi|pers|[plê]|ni|co
hiperstena	nome feminino	hi|pers|[te]|na
hiperstenia	nome feminino	hi|pers|te|[ni]|a
hipersténico	adjetivo	hi|pers|[té]|ni|co
hiperstênico	adjetivo	hi|pers|[tê]|ni|co
hiperstílico	adjetivo	hi|pers|[tí]|li|co
hiperstômico	adjetivo	hi|pers|[tô]|mi|co
hiperstómico	adjetivo	hi|pers|[tó]|mi|co
hipertelia	nome feminino	hi|per|te|[li]|a
hipertensa	nome feminino	hi|per|[ten]|sa
hipertensão	nome feminino	hi|per|ten|[são]
hipertensivo	nome masculino	hi|per|ten|[si]|vo
hipertensivo	adjetivo	hi|per|ten|[si]|vo
hipertenso	adjetivo	hi|per|[ten]|so
hipertenso	nome masculino	hi|per|[ten]|so
hipertensor	adjetivo	hi|per|ten|[sor]
hipertensor	nome masculino	hi|per|ten|[sor]
hipertermia	nome feminino	hi|per|ter|[mi]|a
hipertérmico	adjetivo	hi|per|[tér]|mi|co
hipértese	nome feminino	hi|[pér]|te|se
hipertexto	nome masculino	hi|per|[tex]|to
hipertimia	nome feminino	hi|per|ti|[mi]|a
hipertireoidismo	nome masculino	hi|per|ti|re|oi|[dis]|mo
hipertírio	nome masculino	hi|per|[tí]|ri|o
hipértiro	nome masculino	hi|[pér]|ti|ro
hipertiroidismo	nome masculino	hi|per|ti|roi|[dis]|mo
hipertonalidade	nome feminino	hi|per|to|na|li|[da]|de
hipertonia	nome feminino	hi|per|to|[ni]|a
hipertônico	adjetivo	hi|per|[tô]|ni|co
hipertónico	adjetivo	hi|per|[tó]|ni|co
hipértono	adjetivo	hi|[pér]|to|no
hipertricose	nome feminino	hi|per|tri|[co]|se
hipertrofia	nome feminino	hi|per|tro|[fi]|a
hipertrofiado	adjetivo	hi|per|tro|fi|[a]|do
hipertrofiar	verbo	hi|per|tro|fi|[ar]
hipertroficamente	advérbio	hi|per|tro|fi|ca|[men]|te
hipertrófico	adjetivo	hi|per|[tró]|fi|co
hiperurbanismo	nome masculino	hi|pe|rur|ba|[nis]|mo
hiperurese	nome feminino	hi|pe|ru|[re]|se
hipervaidade	nome feminino	hi|per|vai|[da]|de
hipervaidoso	adjetivo	hi|per|vai|[do]|so
hiperventilação	nome feminino	hi|per|ven|ti|la|[ção]
hiperventilado	adjetivo	hi|per|ven|ti|[la]|do
hiperventilar	verbo	hi|per|ven|ti|[lar]
hipervitaminose	nome feminino	hi|per|vi|ta|mi|[no]|se
hipestesia	nome feminino	hi|pes|te|[si]|a
hipestésico	adjetivo	hi|pes|[té]|si|co
hipestético	adjetivo	hi|pes|[té]|ti|co
hipetro	nome masculino	hi|[pe]|tro
hipeutéctico	adjetivo	hi|peu|[téc]|ti|co
hipeutético	adjetivo	hi|peu|[té]|ti|co
hipiatria	nome feminino	hi|pi|a|[tri]|a
hipiátrica	nome feminino	hi|pi|[á]|tri|ca
hipiátrico	adjetivo	hi|pi|[á]|tri|co
hipiatro	nome masculino	hi|pi|[a]|tro
hipicamente	advérbio	hi|pi|ca|[men]|te
hípico	adjetivo	[hí]|pi|co
hipinose	nome feminino	hi|pi|[no]|se
hípio	nome masculino	[hí]|pi|o
hipismo	nome masculino	hi|[pis]|mo
hipnagógico	nome masculino	hip|na|[gó]|gi|co
hipnagógico	adjetivo	hip|na|[gó]|gi|co
hipnanestesia	nome feminino	hip|na|nes|te|[si]|a
hipnanestésico	adjetivo	hip|na|nes|[té]|si|co
hipniatria	nome feminino	hip|ni|a|[tri]|a
hipniátrico	adjetivo	hip|ni|[á]|tri|co
hipniatro	nome masculino	hip|ni|[a]|tro
hípnico	adjetivo	[híp]|ni|co
hipnoanálise	nome feminino	hip|no|a|[ná]|li|se
hipnóbata	nome masculino	hip|[nó]|ba|ta
hipnóbata	nome feminino	hip|[nó]|ba|ta
hipnococo	nome masculino	hip|no|[co]|co
hipnofobia	nome feminino	hip|no|fo|[bi]|a
hipnófobo	nome masculino	hip|[nó]|fo|bo
hipnógeno	adjetivo	hip|[nó]|ge|no
hipnografia	nome feminino	hip|no|gra|[fi]|a
hipnográfico	adjetivo	hip|no|[grá]|fi|co
hipnoide	adjetivo	hip|[noi]|de
hipnolepsia	nome feminino	hip|no|lep|[si]|a
hipnoléptico	adjetivo	hip|no|[lép]|ti|co
hipnologia	nome feminino	hip|no|lo|[gi]|a
hipnológico	adjetivo	hip|no|[ló]|gi|co
hipnólogo	nome masculino	hip|[nó]|lo|go
hipnomania	nome feminino	hip|no|ma|[ni]|a
hipnopatia	nome feminino	hip|no|pa|[ti]|a
hipnopático	adjetivo	hip|no|[pá]|ti|co
hipnopedia	nome feminino	hip|no|pe|[di]|a
hipnose	nome feminino	hip|[no]|se
hipnosia	nome feminino	hip|no|[si]|a
hipnoterapia	nome feminino	hip|no|te|ra|[pi]|a
hipnoterápico	adjetivo	hip|no|te|[rá]|pi|co
hipnótico	nome masculino	hip|[nó]|ti|co
hipnótico	adjetivo	hip|[nó]|ti|co
hipnotismo	nome masculino	hip|no|[tis]|mo
hipnotista	nome masculino	hip|no|[tis]|ta
hipnotista	nome feminino	hip|no|[tis]|ta
