hipoestesia	nome feminino	hi|po|es|te|[si]|a
hipofagia	nome feminino	hi|po|fa|[gi]|a
hipófago	adjetivo	hi|[pó]|fa|go
hipófago	nome masculino	hi|[pó]|fa|go
hipofaringe	nome feminino	hi|po|fa|[rin]|ge
hipófase	nome feminino	hi|[pó]|fa|se
hipofilo	adjetivo	hi|po|[fi]|lo
hipofisário	adjetivo	hi|po|fi|[sá]|ri|o
hipófise	nome feminino	hi|[pó]|fi|se
hipófora	nome feminino	hi|[pó]|fo|ra
hipoforia	nome feminino	hi|po|fo|[ri]|a
hipofórico	nome masculino	hi|po|[fó]|ri|co
hipofórico	adjetivo	hi|po|[fó]|ri|co
hipofosfato	nome masculino	hi|po|fos|[fa]|to
hipofosfatúria	nome feminino	hi|po|fos|fa|[tú]|ri|a
hipofosfatúrico	adjetivo	hi|po|fos|fa|[tú]|ri|co
hipofosfito	nome masculino	hi|po|fos|[fi]|to
hipofosfórico	adjetivo	hi|po|fos|[fó]|ri|co
hipofosforoso	adjetivo	hi|po|fos|fo|[ro]|so
hipofrígio	adjetivo	hi|po|[frí]|gi|o
hipoftalmia	nome feminino	hi|pof|tal|[mi]|a
hipogástrico	adjetivo	hi|po|[gás]|tri|co
hipogástrio	nome masculino	hi|po|[gás]|tri|o
hipogastro	nome masculino	hi|po|[gas]|tro
hipogeico	adjetivo	hi|po|[gei]|co
hipogenesia	nome feminino	hi|po|ge|ne|[si]|a
hipogenésico	adjetivo	hi|po|ge|[né]|si|co
hipogenético	adjetivo	hi|po|ge|[né]|ti|co
hipógeo	adjetivo	hi|[pó]|ge|o
hipogeu	adjetivo	hi|po|[geu]
hipogeu	nome masculino	hi|po|[geu]
hipoginia	nome feminino	hi|po|gi|[ni]|a
hipogínico	adjetivo	hi|po|[gí]|ni|co
hipogínio	adjetivo	hi|po|[gí]|ni|o
hipoginismo	nome masculino	hi|po|gi|[nis]|mo
hipógino	adjetivo	hi|[pó]|gi|no
hipoglicemia	nome feminino	hi|po|gli|ce|[mi]|a
hipoglicémia	nome feminino	hi|po|gli|[cé]|mi|a
hipoglicêmico	adjetivo	hi|po|gli|[cê]|mi|co
hipoglicémico	adjetivo	hi|po|gli|[cé]|mi|co
hipoglobulia	nome feminino	hi|po|glo|bu|[li]|a
hipoglossa	nome feminino	hi|po|[glos]|sa
hipoglosso	nome masculino	hi|po|[glos]|so
hipoglosso	adjetivo	hi|po|[glos]|so
hipognatia	nome feminino	hi|pog|na|[ti]|a
hipógnato	adjetivo	hi|[póg]|na|to
hipógnato	nome masculino	hi|[póg]|na|to
hipogonadismo	nome masculino	hi|po|go|na|[dis]|mo
hipogrifo	nome masculino	hi|po|[gri]|fo
hipolinfia	nome feminino	hi|po|lin|[fi]|a
hipolínfico	adjetivo	hi|po|[lín]|fi|co
hipólito	nome masculino	hi|[pó]|li|to
hipologia	nome feminino	hi|po|lo|[gi]|a
hipológico	adjetivo	hi|po|[ló]|gi|co
hipólogo	nome masculino	hi|[pó]|lo|go
hipomancia	nome feminino	hi|po|man|[ci]|a
hipômanes	nome masculino	hi|[pô]|ma|nes
hipómanes	nome masculino	hi|[pó]|ma|nes
hipomania	nome feminino	hi|po|ma|[ni]|a
hipomaníaco	adjetivo	hi|po|ma|[ní]|a|co
hipomaníaco	nome masculino	hi|po|ma|[ní]|a|co
hipomânico	adjetivo	hi|po|[mâ]|ni|co
hipómano	nome masculino	hi|[pó]|ma|no
hipômano	nome masculino	hi|[pô]|ma|no
hipomante	nome masculino	hi|po|[man]|te
hipomante	nome feminino	hi|po|[man]|te
hipomântico	adjetivo	hi|po|[mân]|ti|co
hipométrico	adjetivo	hi|po|[mé]|tri|co
hipómetro	nome masculino	hi|[pó]|me|tro
hipômetro	nome masculino	hi|[pô]|me|tro
hipomóclio	nome masculino	hi|po|[mó]|cli|o
hipomóvel	nome masculino	hi|po|[mó]|vel
hipomóvel	adjetivo	hi|po|[mó]|vel
hiponacteu	adjetivo	hi|po|nac|[teu]
hiponacteu	nome masculino	hi|po|nac|[teu]
hiponense	nome masculino	hi|po|[nen]|se
hiponense	adjetivo	hi|po|[nen]|se
hiponense	nome feminino	hi|po|[nen]|se
hiponímia	nome feminino	hi|po|[ní]|mi|a
hipónimo	nome masculino	hi|[pó]|ni|mo
hipônimo	nome masculino	hi|[pô]|ni|mo
hipopatologia	nome feminino	hi|po|pa|to|lo|[gi]|a
hipopatológico	adjetivo	hi|po|pa|to|[ló]|gi|co
hipopepsia	nome feminino	hi|po|pep|[si]|a
hipopéptico	adjetivo	hi|po|[pép]|ti|co
hipopetalia	nome feminino	hi|po|pe|ta|[li]|a
hipopétalo	adjetivo	hi|po|[pé]|ta|lo
hipopiese	nome feminino	hi|po|pi|[e]|se
hipopígio	nome masculino	hi|po|[pí]|gi|o
hipópio	nome masculino	hi|[pó]|pi|o
hipópion	nome masculino	hi|[pó]|pi|on
hipoplasia	nome feminino	hi|po|pla|[si]|a
hipoplástico	adjetivo	hi|po|[plás]|ti|co
hipópode	adjetivo	hi|[pó]|po|de
hipópode	nome masculino	hi|[pó]|po|de
hipópode	nome feminino	hi|[pó]|po|de
hipopódio	nome masculino	hi|po|[pó]|di|o
hipopotâmida	nome masculino	hi|po|po|[tâ]|mi|da
hipopotâmida	nome masculino	hi|po|po|[tâ]|mi|da
hipopotamídeo	nome masculino	hi|po|po|ta|[mí]|de|o
