hispano-árabe	nome feminino	his|pa|no-á|ra|be
hispano-luso	adjetivo	his|pa|no-lu|so
hispano-marroquino	adjetivo	his|pa|no-mar|ro|[qui]|no
hispano-romano	nome masculino	his|pa|no-ro|[ma]|no
hispanofilia	nome feminino	his|pa|no|fi|[li]|a
hispanófilo	adjetivo	his|pa|[nó]|fi|lo
hispanófilo	nome masculino	his|pa|[nó]|fi|lo
hispanofobia	nome feminino	his|pa|no|fo|[bi]|a
hispanófobo	adjetivo	his|pa|[nó]|fo|bo
hispanófobo	nome masculino	his|pa|[nó]|fo|bo
hispanologia	nome feminino	his|pa|no|lo|[gi]|a
hispanológico	adjetivo	his|pa|no|[ló]|gi|co
hispanólogo	nome masculino	his|pa|[nó]|lo|go
hispar	verbo	his|[par]
hispelate	adjetivo	his|pe|[la]|te
hispelate	nome masculino	his|pe|[la]|te
hispelate	nome feminino	his|pe|[la]|te
hispidar	verbo	his|pi|[dar]
hispidez	nome feminino	his|pi|[dez]
híspido	adjetivo	[hís]|pi|do
hissom	adjetivo	[his]|som
hissom	nome masculino	[his]|som
hissopada	nome feminino	his|so|[pa]|da
hissopar	verbo	his|so|[par]
hissope	nome masculino	his|[so]|pe
hissopesco	adjetivo	his|so|[pes]|co
hissopina	nome feminino	his|so|[pi]|na
hissopo	nome masculino	his|[so]|po
histamina	nome feminino	his|ta|[mi]|na
histamínico	adjetivo	his|ta|[mí]|ni|co
histeralgia	nome feminino	his|te|ral|[gi]|a
histerálgico	adjetivo	his|te|[rál]|gi|co
histerandria	nome feminino	his|te|ran|[dri]|a
histerândria	nome feminino	his|te|[rân]|dri|a
histerandro	adjetivo	his|te|[ran]|dro
histeranto	adjetivo	his|te|[ran]|to
histeranto	nome masculino	his|te|[ran]|to
histerectomia	nome feminino	his|te|rec|to|[mi]|a
histerectômico	adjetivo	his|te|rec|[tô]|mi|co
histerectómico	adjetivo	his|te|rec|[tó]|mi|co
histerepilepsia	nome feminino	his|te|re|pi|lep|[si]|a
histerepiléptico	adjetivo	his|te|re|pi|[lép]|ti|co
histerese	nome feminino	his|te|[re]|se
histeresimetria	nome feminino	his|te|re|si|me|[tri]|a
histeresimétrico	adjetivo	his|te|re|si|[mé]|tri|co
histeresímetro	nome masculino	his|te|re|[sí]|me|tro
histerético	adjetivo	his|te|[ré]|ti|co
histeria	nome feminino	his|te|[ri]|a
histericamente	advérbio	his|te|ri|ca|[men]|te
histericismo	nome masculino	his|te|ri|[cis]|mo
histérico	adjetivo	his|[té]|ri|co
histérico	nome masculino	his|[té]|ri|co
histeriforme	adjetivo	his|te|ri|[for]|me
histerismo	nome masculino	his|te|[ris]|mo
histerite	nome feminino	his|te|[ri]|te
histerocele	nome feminino	his|te|ro|[ce]|le
histerocístico	adjetivo	his|te|ro|[cís]|ti|co
histerocistocele	nome feminino	his|te|ro|cis|to|[ce]|le
histeroclise	nome feminino	his|te|ro|[cli]|se
histerofisa	nome feminino	his|te|ro|[fi]|sa
histeróforo	nome masculino	his|te|[ró]|fo|ro
histerógeno	adjetivo	his|te|[ró]|ge|no
histerografia	nome feminino	his|te|ro|gra|[fi]|a
histerográfico	adjetivo	his|te|ro|[grá]|fi|co
histerólito	nome masculino	his|te|[ró]|li|to
histerologia	nome feminino	his|te|ro|lo|[gi]|a
histerológico	adjetivo	his|te|ro|[ló]|gi|co
histerólogo	nome masculino	his|te|[ró]|lo|go
histeroloxia	nome feminino	his|te|ro|lo|[xi]|a
histeroma	nome masculino	his|te|[ro]|ma
histeromalacia	nome feminino	his|te|ro|ma|la|[ci]|a
histerómana	nome feminino	his|te|[ró]|ma|na
histerômana	nome feminino	his|te|[rô]|ma|na
histeromania	nome feminino	his|te|ro|ma|[ni]|a
histerometria	nome feminino	his|te|ro|me|[tri]|a
histerométrico	adjetivo	his|te|ro|[mé]|tri|co
histerômetro	nome masculino	his|te|[rô]|me|tro
histerómetro	nome masculino	his|te|[ró]|me|tro
histeromioma	nome masculino	his|te|ro|mi|[o]|ma
histeropatia	nome feminino	his|te|ro|pa|[ti]|a
histeropéctico	adjetivo	his|te|ro|[péc]|ti|co
histeropético	adjetivo	his|te|ro|[pé]|ti|co
histeropexia	nome feminino	his|te|ro|pe|[xi]|a
histeroptose	nome feminino	his|te|rop|[to]|se
histerorreia	nome feminino	his|te|ror|[rei]|a
histerorreico	adjetivo	his|te|ror|[rei]|co
histeroscopia	nome feminino	his|te|ros|co|[pi]|a
histeroscópico	adjetivo	his|te|ros|[có]|pi|co
histeroscópio	nome masculino	his|te|ros|[có]|pi|o
histerotomia	nome feminino	his|te|ro|to|[mi]|a
histerotômico	adjetivo	his|te|ro|[tô]|mi|co
histerotómico	adjetivo	his|te|ro|[tó]|mi|co
histerótomo	nome masculino	his|te|[ró]|to|mo
histidina	nome feminino	his|ti|[di]|na
histo	adjetivo	[his]|to
histo	nome masculino	[his]|to
histocompatibilidade	nome feminino	his|to|com|pa|ti|bi|li|[da]|de
histocompatível	adjetivo	his|to|com|pa|[tí]|vel
histofisiologia	nome feminino	his|to|fi|si|o|lo|[gi]|a
histofisiológico	adjetivo	his|to|fi|si|o|[ló]|gi|co
