histogéneo	adjetivo	his|to|[gé]|ne|o
histogêneo	adjetivo	his|to|[gê]|ne|o
histogênese	nome feminino	his|to|[gê]|ne|se
histogénese	nome feminino	his|to|[gé]|ne|se
histogenésico	adjetivo	his|to|ge|[né]|si|co
histogenético	adjetivo	his|to|ge|[né]|ti|co
histogenia	nome feminino	his|to|ge|[ni]|a
histogênico	adjetivo	his|to|[gê]|ni|co
histogénico	adjetivo	his|to|[gé]|ni|co
histografia	nome feminino	his|to|gra|[fi]|a
histográfico	adjetivo	his|to|[grá]|fi|co
histógrafo	nome masculino	his|[tó]|gra|fo
histograma	nome masculino	his|to|[gra]|ma
histólise	nome feminino	his|[tó]|li|se
histolítico	adjetivo	his|to|[lí]|ti|co
históloga	nome feminino	his|[tó]|lo|ga
histologia	nome feminino	his|to|lo|[gi]|a
histológico	adjetivo	his|to|[ló]|gi|co
histologista	adjetivo	his|to|lo|[gis]|ta
histologista	nome masculino	his|to|lo|[gis]|ta
histologista	nome feminino	his|to|lo|[gis]|ta
histólogo	nome masculino	his|[tó]|lo|go
histoma	nome masculino	his|[to]|ma
histona	nome feminino	his|[to]|na
histoneurologia	nome feminino	his|to|neu|ro|lo|[gi]|a
histoneurológico	adjetivo	his|to|neu|ro|[ló]|gi|co
histoneurologista	nome masculino	his|to|neu|ro|lo|[gis]|ta
histoneurologista	nome feminino	his|to|neu|ro|lo|[gis]|ta
histoneurólogo	nome masculino	his|to|neu|[ró]|lo|go
histonomia	nome feminino	his|to|no|[mi]|a
histonômico	adjetivo	his|to|[nô]|mi|co
histonómico	adjetivo	his|to|[nó]|mi|co
histopatologia	nome feminino	his|to|pa|to|lo|[gi]|a
histopatológico	adjetivo	his|to|pa|to|[ló]|gi|co
histoplasma	nome masculino	his|to|[plas]|ma
histoplasmose	nome feminino	his|to|plas|[mo]|se
histoquímica	nome feminino	his|to|[quí]|mi|ca
histoquímico	adjetivo	his|to|[quí]|mi|co
história	nome feminino	his|[tó]|ri|a
historiada	nome feminino	his|to|ri|[a]|da
historiado	adjetivo	his|to|ri|[a]|do
historiador	nome masculino	his|to|ri|a|[dor]
historiadora	nome feminino	his|to|ri|a|[do]|ra
historial	adjetivo	his|to|ri|[al]
historial	nome masculino	his|to|ri|[al]
historiar	verbo	his|to|ri|[ar]
historiável	adjetivo	his|to|ri|[á]|vel
historicamente	advérbio	his|to|ri|ca|[men]|te
historicidade	nome feminino	his|to|ri|ci|[da]|de
historicismo	nome masculino	his|to|ri|[cis]|mo
historicista	adjetivo	his|to|ri|[cis]|ta
historicista	nome masculino	his|to|ri|[cis]|ta
historicista	nome feminino	his|to|ri|[cis]|ta
historicístico	adjetivo	his|to|ri|[cís]|ti|co
histórico	adjetivo	his|[tó]|ri|co
histórico	nome masculino	his|[tó]|ri|co
histórico-comparativo	adjetivo	his|tó|ri|co-com|pa|ra|[ti]|vo
histórico-cultural	adjetivo	his|tó|ri|co-cul|tu|[ral]
histórico-etimológico	adjetivo	his|tó|ri|co-e|ti|mo|[ló]|gi|co
histórico-filosófico	adjetivo	his|tó|ri|co-fi|lo|[só]|fi|co
histórico-geográfico	adjetivo	his|tó|ri|co-ge|o|[grá]|fi|co
histórico-linguístico	adjetivo	his|tó|ri|co-lin|[guís]|ti|co
histórico-literário	adjetivo	his|tó|ri|co-li|te|[rá]|ri|o
histórico-natural	adjetivo	his|tó|ri|co-na|tu|[ral]
histórico-social	adjetivo	his|tó|ri|co-so|ci|[al]
historieiro	adjetivo	his|to|ri|[ei]|ro
historiento	adjetivo	his|to|ri|[en]|to
historieta	nome feminino	his|to|ri|[e]|ta
historiografia	nome feminino	his|to|ri|o|gra|[fi]|a
historiográfico	adjetivo	his|to|ri|o|[grá]|fi|co
historiógrafo	nome masculino	his|to|ri|[ó]|gra|fo
historíola	nome feminino	his|to|[rí]|o|la
historiologia	nome feminino	his|to|ri|o|lo|[gi]|a
historiológico	adjetivo	his|to|ri|o|[ló]|gi|co
historismo	nome masculino	his|to|[ris]|mo
historista	adjetivo	his|to|[ris]|ta
historista	nome masculino	his|to|[ris]|ta
historista	nome feminino	his|to|[ris]|ta
historiúncula	nome feminino	his|to|ri|[ún]|cu|la
historizar	verbo	his|to|ri|[zar]
histotomia	nome feminino	his|to|to|[mi]|a
histotômico	adjetivo	his|to|[tô]|mi|co
histotómico	adjetivo	his|to|[tó]|mi|co
histotomista	adjetivo	his|to|to|[mis]|ta
histotomista	nome masculino	his|to|to|[mis]|ta
histotomista	nome feminino	his|to|to|[mis]|ta
histótomo	nome masculino	his|[tó]|to|mo
histótribo	nome masculino	his|[tó]|tri|bo
histotripsia	nome feminino	his|to|trip|[si]|a
histotromia	nome feminino	his|to|tro|[mi]|a
histrião	nome masculino	his|tri|[ão]
histrícida	nome masculino	his|[trí]|ci|da
histrícida	nome masculino	his|[trí]|ci|da
histricídeo	nome masculino	his|tri|[cí]|de|o
histricídeo	nome masculino	his|tri|[cí]|de|o
histricídeo	adjetivo	his|tri|[cí]|de|o
histrionia	nome feminino	his|tri|o|[ni]|a
histrionicamente	advérbio	his|tri|o|ni|ca|[men]|te
histrionice	nome feminino	his|tri|o|[ni]|ce
histriônico	adjetivo	his|tri|[ô]|ni|co
