histriónico	adjetivo	his|tri|[ó]|ni|co
histrionismo	nome masculino	his|tri|o|[nis]|mo
hit	nome masculino	[hit]
hitita	nome masculino	hi|[ti]|ta
hitita	nome feminino	hi|[ti]|ta
hitítico	adjetivo	hi|[tí]|ti|co
hitítico	nome masculino	hi|[tí]|ti|co
hitleriana	nome feminino	hi|tle|ri|[a]|na
hitleriano	nome masculino	hi|tle|ri|[a]|no
hitleriano	adjetivo	hi|tle|ri|[a]|no
hitlerismo	nome masculino	hi|tle|[ris]|mo
hitlerista	adjetivo	hi|tle|[ris]|ta
hitlerista	nome masculino	hi|tle|[ris]|ta
hitlerista	nome feminino	hi|tle|[ris]|ta
hiulco	adjetivo	hi|[ul]|co
hobby	nome masculino	[hob]|by
hodiernamente	advérbio	ho|di|er|na|[men]|te
hodiernidade	nome feminino	ho|di|er|ni|[da]|de
hodierno	adjetivo	ho|di|[er]|no
hodografia	nome feminino	ho|do|gra|[fi]|a
hodográfico	adjetivo	ho|do|[grá]|fi|co
hodógrafo	nome masculino	ho|[dó]|gra|fo
hodometria	nome feminino	ho|do|me|[tri]|a
hodométrico	adjetivo	ho|do|[mé]|tri|co
hodômetro	nome masculino	ho|[dô]|me|tro
hodómetro	nome masculino	ho|[dó]|me|tro
hodoscópio	nome masculino	ho|dos|[có]|pi|o
hoffmânnico	adjetivo	hoff|[mân]|ni|co
hoje	advérbio	[ho]|je
holanda	nome feminino	ho|[lan]|da
holandês	adjetivo	ho|lan|[dês]
holandês	nome masculino	ho|lan|[dês]
holandesa	nome feminino	ho|lan|[de]|sa
holandilha	nome feminino	ho|lan|[di]|lha
holandilheiro	nome masculino	ho|lan|di|[lhei]|ro
holandizar	verbo	ho|lan|di|[zar]
holantárctico	adjetivo	ho|lan|[tárc]|ti|co
holantártico	adjetivo	ho|lan|[tár]|ti|co
holárctico	adjetivo	ho|[lárc]|ti|co
holding	nome feminino	[hol]|ding
holicismo	nome masculino	ho|li|[cis]|mo
holígane	nome masculino	ho|[lí]|ga|ne
holígane	nome feminino	ho|[lí]|ga|ne
holiganismo	nome masculino	ho|li|ga|[nis]|mo
holismo	nome masculino	ho|[lis]|mo
holístico	adjetivo	ho|[lís]|ti|co
hollywoodesco	adjetivo	hol|ly|woo|des|co
holmiense	nome masculino	hol|mi|[en]|se
holmiense	adjetivo	hol|mi|[en]|se
holmiense	nome feminino	hol|mi|[en]|se
hólmio	nome masculino	[hól]|mi|o
holo	nome masculino	[ho]|lo
holoblástico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[blás]|ti|co
holobrânquio	adjetivo	ho|lo|[brân]|qui|o
holocarpo	adjetivo	ho|lo|[car]|po
holocarpo	nome masculino	ho|lo|[car]|po
holocausto	nome masculino	ho|lo|[caus]|to
holocéfalo	adjetivo	ho|lo|[cé]|fa|lo
holocéfalo	nome masculino	ho|lo|[cé]|fa|lo
holocénico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[cé]|ni|co
holococo	nome masculino	ho|lo|[co]|co
holocrínico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[crí]|ni|co
holócrino	adjetivo	ho|[ló]|cri|no
holocristalino	adjetivo	ho|lo|cris|ta|[li]|no
holoedria	nome feminino	ho|lo|e|[dri]|a
holoédrico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[é]|dri|co
holoedro	nome masculino	ho|lo|[e]|dro
holoenzima	nome feminino	ho|lo|en|[zi]|ma
holófita	nome feminino	ho|[ló]|fi|ta
holofítico	nome masculino	ho|lo|[fí]|ti|co
holofítico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[fí]|ti|co
holofote	nome masculino	ho|lo|[fo]|te
holofótico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[fó]|ti|co
holófrase	nome feminino	ho|[ló]|fra|se
holofrástico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[frás]|ti|co
hologamia	nome feminino	ho|lo|ga|[mi]|a
hologênese	nome feminino	ho|lo|[gê]|ne|se
hologénese	nome feminino	ho|lo|[gé]|ne|se
hologenésico	adjetivo	ho|lo|ge|[né]|si|co
hologenético	adjetivo	ho|lo|ge|[né]|ti|co
holografia	nome feminino	ho|lo|gra|[fi]|a
holográfico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[grá]|fi|co
hológrafo	adjetivo	ho|[ló]|gra|fo
hológrafo	nome masculino	ho|[ló]|gra|fo
holograma	nome masculino	ho|lo|[gra]|ma
holometabólico	adjetivo	ho|lo|me|ta|[bó]|li|co
holométrico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[mé]|tri|co
holômetro	nome masculino	ho|[lô]|me|tro
holómetro	nome masculino	ho|[ló]|me|tro
holomórfico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[mór]|fi|co
holomorfismo	nome masculino	ho|lo|mor|[fis]|mo
holonímia	nome feminino	ho|lo|[ní]|mi|a
holónimo	nome masculino	ho|[ló]|ni|mo
holonomia	nome feminino	ho|lo|no|[mi]|a
holonómico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[nó]|mi|co
holonômico	adjetivo	ho|lo|[nô]|mi|co
holónomo	adjetivo	ho|[ló]|no|mo
holônomo	adjetivo	ho|[lô]|no|mo
holopatia	nome feminino	ho|lo|pa|[ti]|a
holopetalar	adjetivo	ho|lo|pe|ta|[lar]
