hebefrênico	nome masculino	he|be|[frê]|ni|co
hebelogia	nome feminino	he|be|lo|[gi]|a
hebertismo	nome masculino	he|ber|[tis]|mo
hebertista	nome masculino	he|ber|[tis]|ta
hebertista	nome feminino	he|ber|[tis]|ta
hebetação	nome feminino	he|be|ta|[ção]
hebetamento	nome masculino	he|be|ta|[men]|to
hebetante	adjetivo	he|be|[tan]|te
hebetar	verbo	he|be|[tar]
hebetério	nome masculino	he|be|[té]|ri|o
hebetismo	nome masculino	he|be|[tis]|mo
hebraica	nome feminino	he|[brai]|ca
hebraico	adjetivo	he|[brai]|co
hebraico	nome masculino	he|[brai]|co
hebraísmo	nome masculino	he|bra|[ís]|mo
hebraísta	nome masculino	he|bra|[ís]|ta
hebraísta	adjetivo	he|bra|[ís]|ta
hebraísta	nome feminino	he|bra|[ís]|ta
hebraização	nome feminino	he|brai|za|[ção]
hebraizado	adjetivo	he|brai|[za]|do
hebraizante	nome masculino	he|brai|[zan]|te
hebraizante	adjetivo	he|brai|[zan]|te
hebraizante	nome feminino	he|brai|[zan]|te
hebraizar	verbo	he|brai|[zar]
hebraizável	adjetivo	he|brai|[zá]|vel
hebreia	nome feminino	he|[brei]|a
hebreu	adjetivo	he|[breu]
hebreu	nome masculino	he|[breu]
hebridense	nome masculino	he|bri|[den]|se
hebridense	adjetivo	he|bri|[den]|se
hebridense	nome feminino	he|bri|[den]|se
hebronita	adjetivo	he|bro|[ni]|ta
hebronita	nome masculino	he|bro|[ni]|ta
hebronita	nome feminino	he|bro|[ni]|ta
hecateia	nome feminino	he|ca|[tei]|a
hecatésia	nome feminino	he|ca|[té]|si|a
hecatólito	nome masculino	he|ca|[tó]|li|to
hecatomba	nome feminino	he|ca|[tom]|ba
hecatombe	nome feminino	he|ca|[tom]|be
hecatombeu	adjetivo	he|ca|tom|[beu]
hecatômpilo	adjetivo	he|ca|[tôm]|pi|lo
hecatonquiro	adjetivo	he|ca|ton|[qui]|ro
hecatontarca	nome masculino	he|ca|ton|[tar]|ca
hecatontarquia	nome feminino	he|ca|ton|tar|[qui]|a
hecatostilo	nome masculino	he|ca|tos|[ti]|lo
hecatóstomo	adjetivo	he|ca|[tós]|to|mo
hectare	nome masculino	hec|[ta]|re
héctica	nome feminino	[héc]|ti|ca
hecticidade	nome feminino	hec|ti|ci|[da]|de
héctico	nome masculino	[héc]|ti|co
héctico	adjetivo	[héc]|ti|co
hectoedria	nome feminino	hec|to|e|[dri]|a
hectoédrico	adjetivo	hec|to|[é]|dri|co
hectográfico	adjetivo	hec|to|[grá]|fi|co
hectógrafo	nome masculino	hec|[tó]|gra|fo
hectograma	nome masculino	hec|to|[gra]|ma
hectolitro	nome masculino	hec|to|[li]|tro
hectometrado	adjetivo	hec|to|me|[tra]|do
hectométrico	adjetivo	hec|to|[mé]|tri|co
hectómetro	nome masculino	hec|[tó]|me|tro
hectômetro	nome masculino	hec|[tô]|me|tro
hectopascal	nome masculino	hec|to|pas|[cal]
hectopieze	nome masculino	hec|to|pi|[e]|ze
hectosteno	nome masculino	hec|tos|[te]|no
hectostere	nome masculino	hec|tos|[te]|re
hectostéreo	nome masculino	hec|tos|[té]|re|o
hectovátio	nome masculino	hec|to|[vá]|ti|o
hectowatt	nome masculino	hec|[to]|watt
hedenbergita	nome feminino	he|den|ber|[gi]|ta
hedenberguite	nome feminino	he|den|ber|[gui]|te
hédera	nome feminino	[hé]|de|ra
hederácea	nome feminino	he|de|[rá]|ce|a
hederáceo	adjetivo	he|de|[rá]|ce|o
hederiforme	adjetivo	he|de|ri|[for]|me
hederígero	adjetivo	he|de|[rí]|ge|ro
hederina	nome feminino	he|de|[ri]|na
hederoso	adjetivo	he|de|[ro]|so
hedifânio	nome masculino	he|di|[fâ]|ni|o
hediondamente	advérbio	he|di|on|da|[men]|te
hediondez	nome feminino	he|di|on|[dez]
hediondeza	nome feminino	he|di|on|[de]|za
hediondo	adjetivo	he|di|[on]|do
hedonal	nome masculino	he|do|[nal]
hedónica	nome feminino	he|[dó]|ni|ca
hedônico	adjetivo	he|[dô]|ni|co
hedónico	adjetivo	he|[dó]|ni|co
hedónico	nome masculino	he|[dó]|ni|co
hedônico	nome masculino	he|[dô]|ni|co
hedonismo	nome masculino	he|do|[nis]|mo
hedonista	nome masculino	he|do|[nis]|ta
hedonista	adjetivo	he|do|[nis]|ta
hedonista	nome feminino	he|do|[nis]|ta
hedonístico	adjetivo	he|do|[nís]|ti|co
hedonofobia	nome feminino	he|do|no|fo|[bi]|a
hedrocele	nome feminino	he|dro|[ce]|le
hedu	nome masculino	he|[du]
hedwígia	nome feminino	hed|[wí]|gi|a
heftemímere	adjetivo	hef|te|[mí]|me|re
hegeliana	nome feminino	he|ge|li|[a]|na
hegelianismo	nome masculino	he|ge|li|a|[nis]|mo
