helmintagogo	adjetivo	hel|min|ta|[go]|go
helminte	nome masculino	hel|[min]|te
helmíntia	nome feminino	hel|[mín]|ti|a
helmintíase	nome feminino	hel|min|[tí]|a|se
helminticida	adjetivo	hel|min|ti|[ci]|da
helminticida	nome masculino	hel|min|ti|[ci]|da
helmíntico	adjetivo	hel|[mín]|ti|co
helminto	nome masculino	hel|[min]|to
helmintoide	adjetivo	hel|min|[toi]|de
helmintólito	nome masculino	hel|min|[tó]|li|to
helmintologia	nome feminino	hel|min|to|lo|[gi]|a
helmintológico	adjetivo	hel|min|to|[ló]|gi|co
helmintologista	nome masculino	hel|min|to|lo|[gis]|ta
helmintologista	nome feminino	hel|min|to|lo|[gis]|ta
helmintólogo	nome masculino	hel|min|[tó]|lo|go
helócero	adjetivo	he|[ló]|ce|ro
helófito	nome masculino	he|[ló]|fi|to
hélope	adjetivo	[hé]|lo|pe
helope	nome masculino	he|[lo]|pe
hélope	nome masculino	[hé]|lo|pe
hélope	nome feminino	[hé]|lo|pe
helopiano	nome masculino	he|lo|pi|[a]|no
helopiteco	nome masculino	he|lo|pi|[te]|co
helosciádio	nome masculino	he|los|ci|[á]|di|o
helsimburguês	adjetivo	hel|sim|bur|[guês]
helsimburguês	nome masculino	hel|sim|bur|[guês]
helsinquiano	adjetivo	hel|sin|qui|[a]|no
helsinquiano	nome masculino	hel|sin|qui|[a]|no
helvécia	nome feminino	hel|[vé]|ci|a
helveciano	adjetivo	hel|ve|ci|[a]|no
helvécio	nome masculino	hel|[vé]|ci|o
helvécio	adjetivo	hel|[vé]|ci|o
helvética	nome feminino	hel|[vé]|ti|ca
helvético	nome masculino	hel|[vé]|ti|co
helvético	adjetivo	hel|[vé]|ti|co
helvetismo	nome masculino	hel|ve|[tis]|mo
helvidiano	adjetivo	hel|vi|di|[a]|no
helvidiano	nome masculino	hel|vi|di|[a]|no
hélvio	adjetivo	[hél]|vi|o
hélvio	nome masculino	[hél]|vi|o
hem	interjeição	[hem]
hemácia	nome feminino	he|[má]|ci|a
hemaglutinação	nome feminino	he|ma|glu|ti|na|[ção]
hemagogo	adjetivo	he|ma|[go]|go
hemagogo	nome masculino	he|ma|[go]|go
hemal	adjetivo	he|[mal]
hemalopia	nome feminino	he|ma|lo|[pi]|a
hemalópico	adjetivo	he|ma|[ló]|pi|co
hemangioma	nome masculino	he|man|gi|[o]|ma
hemanto	nome masculino	he|[man]|to
hemartrose	nome feminino	he|mar|[tro]|se
hemateína	nome feminino	he|ma|te|[í]|na
hematêmese	nome feminino	he|ma|[tê]|me|se
hematémese	nome feminino	he|ma|[té]|me|se
hematemético	adjetivo	he|ma|te|[mé]|ti|co
hematia	nome feminino	he|ma|[ti]|a
hemático	adjetivo	he|[má]|ti|co
hematidrose	nome feminino	he|ma|ti|[dro]|se
hematimetria	nome feminino	he|ma|ti|me|[tri]|a
hematímetro	nome masculino	he|ma|[tí]|me|tro
hematina	nome feminino	he|ma|[ti]|na
hematita	nome feminino	he|ma|[ti]|ta
hematite	nome feminino	he|ma|[ti]|te
hematóbio	nome masculino	he|ma|[tó]|bi|o
hematoblasto	nome masculino	he|ma|to|[blas]|to
hematocarpo	nome masculino	he|ma|to|[car]|po
hematocarpo	adjetivo	he|ma|to|[car]|po
hematocele	nome feminino	he|ma|to|[ce]|le
hematocolpo	nome masculino	he|ma|to|[col]|po
hematócrito	nome masculino	he|ma|[tó]|cri|to
hematofagia	nome feminino	he|ma|to|fa|[gi]|a
hematófago	adjetivo	he|ma|[tó]|fa|go
hematófago	nome masculino	he|ma|[tó]|fa|go
hematofilia	nome feminino	he|ma|to|fi|[li]|a
hematofilo	adjetivo	he|ma|to|[fi]|lo
hematófilo	adjetivo	he|ma|[tó]|fi|lo
hematófilo	nome masculino	he|ma|[tó]|fi|lo
hematofobia	nome feminino	he|ma|to|fo|[bi]|a
hematófobo	adjetivo	he|ma|[tó]|fo|bo
hematófobo	nome masculino	he|ma|[tó]|fo|bo
hematografia	nome feminino	he|ma|to|gra|[fi]|a
hematográfico	adjetivo	he|ma|to|[grá]|fi|co
hematógrafo	nome masculino	he|ma|[tó]|gra|fo
hematoide	adjetivo	he|ma|[toi]|de
hematólise	nome feminino	he|ma|[tó]|li|se
hematolítico	adjetivo	he|ma|to|[lí]|ti|co
hematóloga	nome feminino	he|ma|[tó]|lo|ga
hematologia	nome feminino	he|ma|to|lo|[gi]|a
hematológico	adjetivo	he|ma|to|[ló]|gi|co
hematologista	nome masculino	he|ma|to|lo|[gis]|ta
hematologista	nome feminino	he|ma|to|lo|[gis]|ta
hematólogo	nome masculino	he|ma|[tó]|lo|go
hematoma	nome masculino	he|ma|[to]|ma
hematometria	nome feminino	he|ma|to|me|[tri]|a
hematométrio	nome masculino	he|ma|to|[mé]|tri|o
hematônfalo	nome masculino	he|ma|[tôn]|fa|lo
hematópode	nome masculino	he|ma|[tó]|po|de
hematopoese	nome feminino	he|ma|to|po|[e]|se
hematopoético	adjetivo	he|ma|to|po|[é]|ti|co
hematopoiese	nome feminino	he|ma|to|poi|[e]|se
