obsessivo	nome masculino	ob|ses|[si]|vo
obsessivo-compulsivo	adjetivo	ob|ses|si|vo-com|pul|[si]|vo
obsesso	nome masculino	ob|[ses]|so
obsesso	adjetivo	ob|[ses]|so
obsessor	adjetivo	ob|ses|[sor]
obsessor	nome masculino	ob|ses|[sor]
obsessora	nome feminino	ob|ses|[so]|ra
obsiana	nome feminino	ob|si|[a]|na
obsidente	adjetivo	ob|si|[den]|te
obsidente	nome masculino	ob|si|[den]|te
obsidente	nome feminino	ob|si|[den]|te
obsidiana	nome feminino	ob|si|di|[a]|na
obsidiante	adjetivo	ob|si|di|[an]|te
obsidiar	verbo	ob|si|di|[ar]
obsidional	adjetivo	ob|si|di|o|[nal]
obsignador	nome masculino	ob|sig|na|[dor]
obsolescência	nome feminino	ob|so|les|[cên]|ci|a
obsolescente	adjetivo	ob|so|les|[cen]|te
obsoletismo	nome masculino	ob|so|le|[tis]|mo
obsoleto	adjetivo	ob|so|[le]|to
obstaculizar	verbo	obs|ta|cu|li|[zar]
obstáculo	nome masculino	obs|[tá]|cu|lo
obstante	adjetivo	obs|[tan]|te
obstar	verbo	obs|[tar]
obstativo	adjetivo	obs|ta|[ti]|vo
obstável	adjetivo	obs|[tá]|vel
obstetra	nome masculino	obs|[te]|tra
obstetra	nome feminino	obs|[te]|tra
obstétrica	nome feminino	obs|[té]|tri|ca
obstetrical	adjetivo	obs|te|tri|[cal]
obstetricano	nome masculino	obs|te|tri|[ca]|no
obstetrícia	nome feminino	obs|te|[trí]|ci|a
obstetrício	adjetivo	obs|te|[trí]|ci|o
obstétrico	adjetivo	obs|[té]|tri|co
obstetriz	nome feminino	obs|te|[triz]
obstinação	nome feminino	obs|ti|na|[ção]
obstinada	nome feminino	obs|ti|[na]|da
obstinadamente	advérbio	obs|ti|na|da|[men]|te
obstinado	adjetivo	obs|ti|[na]|do
obstinado	nome masculino	obs|ti|[na]|do
obstinar	verbo	obs|ti|[nar]
obstipação	nome feminino	obs|ti|pa|[ção]
obstipante	adjetivo	obs|ti|[pan]|te
obstipar	verbo	obs|ti|[par]
obstipidade	nome feminino	obs|ti|pi|[da]|de
obstringir	verbo	obs|trin|[gir]
obstrito	adjetivo	obs|[tri]|to
obstrução	nome feminino	obs|tru|[ção]
obstrucionismo	nome masculino	obs|tru|ci|o|[nis]|mo
obstrucionista	nome masculino	obs|tru|ci|o|[nis]|ta
obstrucionista	adjetivo	obs|tru|ci|o|[nis]|ta
obstrucionista	nome feminino	obs|tru|ci|o|[nis]|ta
obstruente	adjetivo	obs|tru|[en]|te
obstruído	adjetivo	obs|tru|[í]|do
obstruir	verbo	obs|tru|[ir]
obstruível	adjetivo	obs|tru|[í]|vel
obstrutivo	adjetivo	obs|tru|[ti]|vo
obstrutor	adjetivo	obs|tru|[tor]
obstrutor	nome masculino	obs|tru|[tor]
obstrutora	nome feminino	obs|tru|[to]|ra
obstupefação	nome feminino	obs|tu|pe|fa|[ção]
obstupefacto	adjetivo	obs|tu|pe|[fac]|to
obstupefato	adjetivo	obs|tu|pe|[fa]|to
obstúpido	adjetivo	obs|[tú]|pi|do
obsubulado	adjetivo	ob|su|bu|[la]|do
obsutural	adjetivo	ob|su|tu|[ral]
obtéctea	nome feminino	ob|[téc]|te|a
obtemperação	nome feminino	ob|tem|pe|ra|[ção]
obtemperante	adjetivo	ob|tem|pe|[ran]|te
obtemperar	verbo	ob|tem|pe|[rar]
obtenção	nome feminino	ob|ten|[ção]
obtenível	adjetivo	ob|te|[ní]|vel
obtentor	adjetivo	ob|ten|[tor]
obtentor	nome masculino	ob|ten|[tor]
obter	verbo	ob|[ter]
obtestação	nome feminino	ob|tes|ta|[ção]
obtestar	verbo	ob|tes|[tar]
obtido	adjetivo	ob|[ti]|do
obtundente	adjetivo	ob|tun|[den]|te
obtundir	verbo	ob|tun|[dir]
obturação	nome feminino	ob|tu|ra|[ção]
obturador	nome masculino	ob|tu|ra|[dor]
obturador	adjetivo	ob|tu|ra|[dor]
obturante	adjetivo	ob|tu|[ran]|te
obturante	nome masculino	ob|tu|[ran]|te
obturar	verbo	ob|tu|[rar]
obturável	adjetivo	ob|tu|[rá]|vel
obturbinado	adjetivo	ob|tur|bi|[na]|do
obtusado	adjetivo	ob|tu|[sa]|do
obtusamente	advérbio	ob|tu|sa|[men]|te
obtusangulado	adjetivo	ob|tu|san|gu|[la]|do
obtusângulo	adjetivo	ob|tu|[sân]|gu|lo
obtusão	nome feminino	ob|tu|[são]
obtusidade	nome feminino	ob|tu|si|[da]|de
obtusífido	adjetivo	ob|tu|[sí]|fi|do
obtusifloro	adjetivo	ob|tu|si|[flo]|ro
obtusifoliado	adjetivo	ob|tu|si|fo|li|[a]|do
obtusifólio	adjetivo	ob|tu|si|[fó]|li|o
obtusilíngue	adjetivo	ob|tu|si|[lín]|gue
obtusilobulado	adjetivo	ob|tu|si|lo|bu|[la]|do
