ortoepicamente	advérbio	or|to|e|pi|ca|[men]|te
ortoépico	adjetivo	or|to|[é]|pi|co
ortofirite	nome feminino	or|to|fi|[ri]|te
ortófiro	nome masculino	or|[tó]|fi|ro
ortofonia	nome feminino	or|to|fo|[ni]|a
ortofonicamente	advérbio	or|to|fo|ni|ca|[men]|te
ortofônico	adjetivo	or|to|[fô]|ni|co
ortofónico	adjetivo	or|to|[fó]|ni|co
ortoforia	nome feminino	or|to|fo|[ri]|a
ortofórmio	nome masculino	or|to|[fór]|mi|o
ortofrenia	nome feminino	or|to|fre|[ni]|a
ortofrénico	adjetivo	or|to|[fré]|ni|co
ortofrênico	adjetivo	or|to|[frê]|ni|co
ortogénese	nome feminino	or|to|[gé]|ne|se
ortogênese	nome feminino	or|to|[gê]|ne|se
ortogenético	adjetivo	or|to|ge|[né]|ti|co
ortognaisse	nome masculino	or|tog|[nais]|se
ortognatia	nome feminino	or|tog|na|[ti]|a
ortognatismo	nome masculino	or|tog|na|[tis]|mo
ortógnato	adjetivo	or|[tóg]|na|to
ortogonal	adjetivo	or|to|go|[nal]
ortogonalmente	advérbio	or|to|go|nal|[men]|te
ortógono	adjetivo	or|[tó]|go|no
ortógrafa	nome feminino	or|[tó]|gra|fa
ortografar	verbo	or|to|gra|[far]
ortografia	nome feminino	or|to|gra|[fi]|a
ortograficamente	advérbio	or|to|gra|fi|ca|[men]|te
ortográfico	adjetivo	or|to|[grá]|fi|co
ortografista	nome masculino	or|to|gra|[fis]|ta
ortografista	nome feminino	or|to|gra|[fis]|ta
ortógrafo	nome masculino	or|[tó]|gra|fo
ortoidrogênio	nome masculino	or|toi|dro|[gê]|ni|o
ortoidrogénio	nome masculino	or|toi|dro|[gé]|ni|o
ortolexia	nome feminino	or|to|le|[xi]|a
ortoléxico	adjetivo	or|to|[lé]|xi|co
ortólito	nome masculino	or|[tó]|li|to
ortologia	nome feminino	or|to|lo|[gi]|a
ortológico	adjetivo	or|to|[ló]|gi|co
ortômega	nome masculino	or|[tô]|me|ga
ortómega	nome masculino	or|[tó]|me|ga
ortometamórfico	adjetivo	or|to|me|ta|[mór]|fi|co
ortometria	nome feminino	or|to|me|[tri]|a
ortométrico	adjetivo	or|to|[mé]|tri|co
ortomorfia	nome feminino	or|to|mor|[fi]|a
ortomórfico	adjetivo	or|to|[mór]|fi|co
ortomorfismo	nome masculino	or|to|mor|[fis]|mo
ortoneuróptero	nome masculino	or|to|neu|[róp]|te|ro
ortonímia	nome feminino	or|to|[ní]|mi|a
ortonímico	adjetivo	or|to|[ní]|mi|co
ortônimo	nome masculino	or|[tô]|ni|mo
ortónimo	nome masculino	or|[tó]|ni|mo
ortonormado	adjetivo	or|to|nor|[ma]|do
ortonormal	adjetivo	or|to|nor|[mal]
ortopantomografia	nome feminino	or|to|pan|to|mo|gra|[fi]|a
ortopedia	nome feminino	or|to|pe|[di]|a
ortopédico	adjetivo	or|to|[pé]|di|co
ortopedista	adjetivo	or|to|pe|[dis]|ta
ortopedista	nome masculino	or|to|pe|[dis]|ta
ortopedista	nome feminino	or|to|pe|[dis]|ta
ortopinacoide	nome masculino	or|to|pi|na|[coi]|de
ortopneia	nome feminino	or|top|[nei]|a
ortopnoico	nome masculino	or|top|[noi]|co
ortopnoico	adjetivo	or|top|[noi]|co
ortópode	nome masculino	or|[tó]|po|de
ortopolitano	adjetivo	or|to|po|li|[ta]|no
ortopolitano	nome masculino	or|to|po|li|[ta]|no
ortopsicopedia	nome feminino	or|top|si|co|pe|[di]|a
ortóptero	nome masculino	or|[tóp]|te|ro
ortóptero	adjetivo	or|[tóp]|te|ro
ortóptica	nome feminino	or|[tóp]|ti|ca
ortóptico	adjetivo	or|[tóp]|ti|co
ortoptista	nome masculino	or|top|[tis]|ta
ortoptista	nome feminino	or|top|[tis]|ta
ortoquartzito	nome masculino	or|to|quart|[zi]|to
ortorrômbico	adjetivo	or|tor|[rôm]|bi|co
ortóscele	nome masculino	or|[tós]|ce|le
ortoscópico	adjetivo	or|tos|[có]|pi|co
ortoscópio	nome masculino	or|tos|[có]|pi|o
ortose	nome feminino	or|[to]|se
ortósia	nome feminino	or|[tó]|si|a
ortósio	nome masculino	or|[tó]|si|o
ortospermo	adjetivo	or|tos|[per]|mo
ortossomo	nome masculino	or|tos|[so]|mo
ortostasia	nome feminino	or|tos|ta|[si]|a
ortostático	adjetivo	or|tos|[tá]|ti|co
ortostatismo	nome masculino	or|tos|ta|[tis]|mo
ortostilo	nome masculino	or|tos|[ti]|lo
ortóstomo	nome masculino	or|[tós]|to|mo
ortoteca	nome feminino	or|to|[te]|ca
ortoterapia	nome feminino	or|to|te|ra|[pi]|a
ortótese	nome feminino	or|[tó]|te|se
ortotómico	adjetivo	or|to|[tó]|mi|co
ortotômico	adjetivo	or|to|[tô]|mi|co
ortótomo	nome masculino	or|[tó]|to|mo
ortotônico	adjetivo	or|to|[tô]|ni|co
ortotónico	adjetivo	or|to|[tó]|ni|co
ortótono	nome masculino	or|[tó]|to|no
ortotonúmeno	adjetivo	or|to|to|[nú]|me|no
ortotrícia	nome feminino	or|to|[trí]|ci|a
ortotropia	nome feminino	or|to|tro|[pi]|a
