laurear	verbo	lau|re|[ar]
laureio	nome masculino	lau|[rei]|o
laurel	nome masculino	lau|[rel]
laurêncio	nome masculino	lau|[rên]|ci|o
laurêncio	adjetivo	lau|[rên]|ci|o
laurentina	nome feminino	lau|ren|[ti]|na
laurentino	nome masculino	lau|ren|[ti]|no
laurentino	adjetivo	lau|ren|[ti]|no
láureo	adjetivo	[láu]|re|o
lauréola	nome feminino	lau|[ré]|o|la
laurícomo	adjetivo	lau|[rí]|co|mo
laurífero	adjetivo	lau|[rí]|fe|ro
laurifólio	adjetivo	lau|ri|[fó]|li|o
laurígero	adjetivo	lau|[rí]|ge|ro
lauríneo	adjetivo	lau|[rí]|ne|o
laurino	adjetivo	lau|[ri]|no
lausiano	nome masculino	lau|si|[a]|no
lausiano	adjetivo	lau|si|[a]|no
lausperene	nome masculino	laus|pe|[re]|ne
lautamente	advérbio	lau|ta|[men]|te
lauto	adjetivo	[lau]|to
lava	nome feminino	[la]|va
lava-cabeça	nome masculino	la|va-ca|[be]|ça
lava-cu	nome masculino	la|va-cu
lava-dente	nome masculino	la|va-den|te
lava-loiça	nome masculino	la|va-loi|ça
lava-loiças	nome masculino	la|va-loi|ças
lava-louça	nome masculino	la|va-lou|ça
lava-louças	nome masculino	la|va-lou|ças
lava-pé	nome masculino	la|va-pé
lava-pés	nome masculino	la|va-pés
lava-pratos	nome masculino	la|va-pra|tos
lava-remo	nome masculino	la|va-re|mo
lavabo	nome masculino	la|[va]|bo
lavação	nome feminino	la|va|[ção]
lavacro	nome masculino	la|[va]|cro
lavada	nome feminino	la|[va]|da
lavadaria	nome feminino	la|va|da|[ri]|a
lavadeira	nome feminino	la|va|[dei]|ra
lavadeiro	nome masculino	la|va|[dei]|ro
lavadeiro	adjetivo	la|va|[dei]|ro
lavadela	nome feminino	la|va|[de]|la
lavadiço	adjetivo	la|va|[di]|ço
lavado	adjetivo	la|[va]|do
lavado	nome masculino	la|[va]|do
lavadoiro	nome masculino	la|va|[doi]|ro
lavador	nome masculino	la|va|[dor]
lavador	adjetivo	la|va|[dor]
lavadora	nome feminino	la|va|[do]|ra
lavadoura	nome feminino	la|va|[dou]|ra
lavadouro	adjetivo	la|va|[dou]|ro
lavadouro	nome masculino	la|va|[dou]|ro
lavadura	nome feminino	la|va|[du]|ra
lavagante	nome masculino	la|va|[gan]|te
lavagem	nome feminino	la|[va]|gem
lavajado	adjetivo	la|va|[ja]|do
lavajão	nome masculino	la|va|[jão]
lavajar	verbo	la|va|[jar]
lavajo	nome masculino	la|[va]|jo
lavajola	nome feminino	la|va|[jo]|la
lavamento	nome masculino	la|va|[men]|to
lavanco	nome masculino	la|[van]|co
lavanda	nome feminino	la|[van]|da
lavandaria	nome feminino	la|van|da|[ri]|a
lavandeira	nome feminino	la|van|[dei]|ra
lavandeiro	nome masculino	la|van|[dei]|ro
lavanderia	nome feminino	la|van|de|[ri]|a
lavandisca	nome feminino	la|van|[dis]|ca
lavar	verbo	la|[var]
lavareda	nome feminino	la|va|[re]|da
lavático	adjetivo	la|[vá]|ti|co
lavativo	adjetivo	la|va|[ti]|vo
lavatório	nome masculino	la|va|[tó]|ri|o
lavável	adjetivo	la|[vá]|vel
laverca	nome feminino	la|[ver]|ca
laverco	nome masculino	la|[ver]|co
lávico	adjetivo	[lá]|vi|co
lavoira	nome feminino	la|[voi]|ra
lavor	nome masculino	la|[vor]
lavorar	verbo	la|vo|[rar]
lavoso	adjetivo	la|[vo]|so
lavoura	nome feminino	la|[vou]|ra
lavourar	verbo	la|vou|[rar]
lavra	nome feminino	[la]|vra
lavrada	nome feminino	la|[vra]|da
lavradeira	nome feminino	la|vra|[dei]|ra
lavradeiro	adjetivo	la|vra|[dei]|ro
lavradio	adjetivo	la|vra|[di]|o
lavradio	nome masculino	la|vra|[di]|o
lavrado	adjetivo	la|[vra]|do
lavrado	nome masculino	la|[vra]|do
lavrador	nome masculino	la|vra|[dor]
lavrador	adjetivo	la|vra|[dor]
lavradora	nome feminino	la|vra|[do]|ra
lavragem	nome feminino	la|[vra]|gem
lavramento	nome masculino	la|vra|[men]|to
lavrante	nome masculino	la|[vran]|te
lavrante	adjetivo	la|[vran]|te
lavrante	nome feminino	la|[vran]|te
lavrar	verbo	la|[vrar]
