ligúrico	nome masculino	li|[gú]|ri|co
ligúrico	adjetivo	li|[gú]|ri|co
ligurina	nome feminino	li|gu|[ri]|na
ligurino	adjetivo	li|gu|[ri]|no
ligurino	nome masculino	li|gu|[ri]|no
ligurite	nome feminino	li|gu|[ri]|te
ligústica	nome feminino	li|[gús]|ti|ca
ligústico	adjetivo	li|[gús]|ti|co
ligústico	nome masculino	li|[gús]|ti|co
ligustino	adjetivo	li|gus|[ti]|no
ligustino	nome masculino	li|gus|[ti]|no
ligustrina	nome feminino	li|gus|[tri]|na
ligustro	nome masculino	li|[gus]|tro
lila	nome feminino	[li]|la
lilá	adjetivo	li|[lá]
lilá	nome masculino	li|[lá]
liláceo	adjetivo	li|[lá]|ce|o
lilacíneo	adjetivo	li|la|[cí]|ne|o
lilangeni	nome masculino	li|lan|ge|[ni]
lilás	adjetivo	li|[lás]
lilás	nome masculino	li|[lás]
lilaseiro	nome masculino	li|la|[sei]|ro
liliácea	nome feminino	li|li|[á]|ce|a
liliáceo	adjetivo	li|li|[á]|ce|o
lilial	adjetivo	li|li|[al]
lilifloro	adjetivo	li|li|[flo]|ro
liliforme	adjetivo	li|li|[for]|me
lilinete	nome masculino	li|li|[ne]|te
lílio	nome masculino	[lí]|li|o
liliputiana	nome feminino	li|li|pu|ti|[a]|na
liliputiano	adjetivo	li|li|pu|ti|[a]|no
liliputiano	nome masculino	li|li|pu|ti|[a]|no
lima	nome feminino	[li]|ma
lima-a-serra	nome masculino	li|ma-a-ser|ra
limácida	nome masculino	li|[má]|ci|da
limacídeo	nome masculino	li|ma|[cí]|de|o
limacídeo	adjetivo	li|ma|[cí]|de|o
limaciforme	adjetivo	li|ma|ci|[for]|me
limacina	nome feminino	li|ma|[ci]|na
limacino	adjetivo	li|ma|[ci]|no
limadeira	nome feminino	li|ma|[dei]|ra
limado	adjetivo	li|[ma]|do
limador	adjetivo	li|ma|[dor]
limador	nome masculino	li|ma|[dor]
limadora	nome feminino	li|ma|[do]|ra
limadura	nome feminino	li|ma|[du]|ra
limagem	nome feminino	li|[ma]|gem
limalha	nome feminino	li|[ma]|lha
limalhas	nome feminino	li|[ma]|lhas
limão	nome masculino	li|[mão]
limão-bravo	nome masculino	li|mão-bra|vo
limãozinho	nome masculino	li|mão|[zi]|nho
limar	verbo	li|[mar]
limarense	adjetivo	li|ma|[ren]|se
limarense	nome masculino	li|ma|[ren]|se
limarense	nome feminino	li|ma|[ren]|se
limária	nome feminino	li|[má]|ri|a
limatão	nome masculino	li|ma|[tão]
limbera	nome feminino	lim|[be]|ra
límbico	adjetivo	[lím]|bi|co
limbífero	adjetivo	lim|[bí]|fe|ro
limbiflora	nome feminino	lim|bi|[flo]|ra
limbo	nome masculino	[lim]|bo
limbumbo	nome masculino	lim|[bum]|bo
limburguês	nome masculino	lim|bur|[guês]
limburguês	adjetivo	lim|bur|[guês]
limburguito	nome masculino	lim|bur|[gui]|to
limeira	nome feminino	li|[mei]|ra
limeirense	adjetivo	li|mei|[ren]|se
limeirense	nome masculino	li|mei|[ren]|se
limeirense	nome feminino	li|mei|[ren]|se
limenarca	nome masculino	li|me|[nar]|ca
limenarquia	nome feminino	li|me|nar|[qui]|a
limenha	nome feminino	li|[me]|nha
limenho	adjetivo	li|[me]|nho
limenho	nome masculino	li|[me]|nho
limento	nome masculino	li|[men]|to
limético	adjetivo	li|[mé]|ti|co
limetina	nome feminino	li|me|[ti]|na
limiano	adjetivo	li|mi|[a]|no
limiar	nome masculino	li|mi|[ar]
límico	adjetivo	[lí]|mi|co
límico	nome masculino	[lí]|mi|co
limícola	adjetivo	li|[mí]|co|la
limiforme	adjetivo	li|mi|[for]|me
liminar	adjetivo	li|mi|[nar]
liminar	nome masculino	li|mi|[nar]
liminarmente	advérbio	li|mi|nar|[men]|te
limireu	adjetivo	li|mi|[reu]
limireu	nome masculino	li|mi|[reu]
limitação	nome feminino	li|mi|ta|[ção]
limitadamente	advérbio	li|mi|ta|da|[men]|te
limitadíssimo	adjetivo	li|mi|ta|[dís]|si|mo
limitado	adjetivo	li|mi|[ta]|do
limitador	adjetivo	li|mi|ta|[dor]
limitâneo	adjetivo	li|mi|[tâ]|ne|o
limitante	adjetivo	li|mi|[tan]|te
limitar	verbo	li|mi|[tar]
limitativamente	advérbio	li|mi|ta|ti|va|[men]|te
limitativo	adjetivo	li|mi|ta|[ti]|vo
