limitável	adjetivo	li|mi|[tá]|vel
limite	nome masculino	li|[mi]|te
limítrofe	adjetivo	li|[mí]|tro|fe
limívoro	adjetivo	li|[mí]|vo|ro
limnalo	nome masculino	lim|[na]|lo
limnantácea	nome feminino	lim|nan|[tá]|ce|a
limnânteo	adjetivo	lim|[nân]|te|o
limnanto	nome masculino	lim|[nan]|to
limnético	adjetivo	lim|[né]|ti|co
límnico	adjetivo	[lím]|ni|co
limnígrafo	nome masculino	lim|[ní]|gra|fo
limnímetro	nome masculino	lim|[ní]|me|tro
límnio	nome masculino	[lím]|ni|o
limnite	nome feminino	lim|[ni]|te
limnóbio	adjetivo	lim|[nó]|bi|o
limnóbio	nome masculino	lim|[nó]|bi|o
limnófilo	adjetivo	lim|[nó]|fi|lo
limnófilo	nome masculino	lim|[nó]|fi|lo
limnografia	nome feminino	lim|no|gra|[fi]|a
limnográfico	adjetivo	lim|no|[grá]|fi|co
limnologia	nome feminino	lim|no|lo|[gi]|a
limnológico	adjetivo	lim|no|[ló]|gi|co
limnologista	nome masculino	lim|no|lo|[gis]|ta
limnologista	nome feminino	lim|no|lo|[gis]|ta
limnólogo	nome masculino	lim|[nó]|lo|go
limnometria	nome feminino	lim|no|me|[tri]|a
limnométrico	adjetivo	lim|no|[mé]|tri|co
limnômetro	nome masculino	lim|[nô]|me|tro
limnómetro	nome masculino	lim|[nó]|me|tro
limnoplancto	nome masculino	lim|no|[planc]|to
limnoplâncton	nome masculino	lim|no|[plânc]|ton
limo	nome masculino	[li]|mo
limo-fita	nome masculino	li|mo-fi|ta
limo-mestre	nome masculino	li|mo-mes|tre
limo-seval	nome masculino	li|mo-se|[val]
limoada	nome feminino	li|mo|[a]|da
limoado	adjetivo	li|mo|[a]|do
limoal	nome masculino	li|mo|[al]
limoctonia	nome feminino	li|moc|to|[ni]|a
limoeiro	nome masculino	li|mo|[ei]|ro
limonada	nome feminino	li|mo|[na]|da
limonadeiro	nome masculino	li|mo|na|[dei]|ro
limoneno	nome masculino	li|mo|[ne]|no
limonete	nome masculino	li|mo|[ne]|te
limónia	nome feminino	li|[mó]|ni|a
limônia	nome feminino	li|[mô]|ni|a
limonina	nome feminino	li|mo|[ni]|na
limônio	nome masculino	li|[mô]|ni|o
limónio	nome masculino	li|[mó]|ni|o
limonita	nome feminino	li|mo|[ni]|ta
limonite	nome feminino	li|mo|[ni]|te
limonítico	adjetivo	li|mo|[ní]|ti|co
limonito	nome masculino	li|mo|[ni]|to
limosidade	nome feminino	li|mo|si|[da]|de
limoso	adjetivo	li|[mo]|so
limote	nome masculino	li|[mo]|te
limousine	nome feminino	li|mou|[si]|ne
limpa	nome feminino	[lim]|pa
limpa-botas	nome masculino	lim|pa-bo|tas
limpa-calhas	nome masculino	lim|pa-ca|lhas
limpa-campo	nome masculino	lim|pa-cam|po
limpa-candeeiros	nome masculino	lim|pa-can|de|[ei]|ros
limpa-chaminés	nome masculino	lim|pa-cha|mi|[nés]
limpa-goela	nome masculino	lim|pa-go|[e]|la
limpa-goela	nome feminino	lim|pa-go|[e]|la
limpa-neves	nome masculino	lim|pa-ne|ves
limpa-para-brisas	nome masculino	lim|pa-pa|ra-bri|sas
limpa-penas	nome masculino	lim|pa-pe|nas
limpa-pés	nome masculino	lim|pa-pés
limpa-queixos	nome masculino	lim|pa-quei|xos
limpa-trilhos	nome masculino	lim|pa-tri|lhos
limpa-vias	nome masculino	lim|pa-vi|as
limpa-vidros	nome masculino	lim|pa-vi|dros
limpaça	nome feminino	lim|[pa]|ça
limpação	nome feminino	lim|pa|[ção]
limpadeira	nome feminino	lim|pa|[dei]|ra
limpadela	nome feminino	lim|pa|[de]|la
limpador	adjetivo	lim|pa|[dor]
limpador	nome masculino	lim|pa|[dor]
limpadora	nome feminino	lim|pa|[do]|ra
limpadura	nome feminino	lim|pa|[du]|ra
limpagem	nome feminino	lim|[pa]|gem
limpalho	nome masculino	lim|[pa]|lho
limpamente	advérbio	lim|pa|[men]|te
limpamento	nome masculino	lim|pa|[men]|to
limpar	verbo	lim|[par]
limpável	adjetivo	lim|[pá]|vel
limpeza	nome feminino	lim|[pe]|za
limpidamente	advérbio	lim|pi|da|[men]|te
limpidez	nome feminino	lim|pi|[dez]
límpido	adjetivo	[lím]|pi|do
limpo	adjetivo	[lim]|po
limpo	nome masculino	[lim]|po
limpo	advérbio	[lim]|po
limposo	adjetivo	lim|[po]|so
limulídeo	nome masculino	li|mu|[lí]|de|o
límulo	nome masculino	[lí]|mu|lo
limusina	nome feminino	li|mu|[si]|na
limusine	nome masculino	li|mu|[si]|ne
limusino	adjetivo	li|mu|[si]|no
