litávico	adjetivo	li|[tá]|vi|co
litávico	nome masculino	li|[tá]|vi|co
lite	nome feminino	[li]|te
liteira	nome feminino	li|[tei]|ra
liteireiro	nome masculino	li|tei|[rei]|ro
liteiro	nome masculino	li|[tei]|ro
literacia	nome feminino	li|te|ra|[ci]|a
literal	adjetivo	li|te|[ral]
literalidade	nome feminino	li|te|ra|li|[da]|de
literalismo	nome masculino	li|te|ra|[lis]|mo
literalista	adjetivo	li|te|ra|[lis]|ta
literalista	nome masculino	li|te|ra|[lis]|ta
literalista	nome feminino	li|te|ra|[lis]|ta
literalístico	adjetivo	li|te|ra|[lís]|ti|co
literalmente	advérbio	li|te|ral|[men]|te
literariamente	advérbio	li|te|ra|ri|a|[men]|te
literariedade	nome feminino	li|te|ra|ri|e|[da]|de
literário	adjetivo	li|te|[rá]|ri|o
literarização	nome feminino	li|te|ra|ri|za|[ção]
literarizar	verbo	li|te|ra|ri|[zar]
literata	nome feminino	li|te|[ra]|ta
literataço	nome masculino	li|te|ra|[ta]|ço
literatagem	nome feminino	li|te|ra|[ta]|gem
literateiro	nome masculino	li|te|ra|[tei]|ro
literatejar	verbo	li|te|ra|te|[jar]
literatelho	nome masculino	li|te|ra|[te]|lho
literatice	nome feminino	li|te|ra|[ti]|ce
literatiço	adjetivo	li|te|ra|[ti]|ço
literatiço	nome masculino	li|te|ra|[ti]|ço
literatiqueiro	nome masculino	li|te|ra|ti|[quei]|ro
literatismo	nome masculino	li|te|ra|[tis]|mo
literatista	adjetivo	li|te|ra|[tis]|ta
literatista	nome masculino	li|te|ra|[tis]|ta
literatista	nome feminino	li|te|ra|[tis]|ta
literatização	nome feminino	li|te|ra|ti|za|[ção]
literatizar	verbo	li|te|ra|ti|[zar]
literato	adjetivo	li|te|[ra]|to
literato	nome masculino	li|te|[ra]|to
literatura	nome feminino	li|te|ra|[tu]|ra
liternino	adjetivo	li|ter|[ni]|no
liternino	nome masculino	li|ter|[ni]|no
lítia	nome feminino	[lí]|ti|a
litíase	nome feminino	li|[tí]|a|se
litiásico	adjetivo	li|ti|[á]|si|co
litiático	adjetivo	li|ti|[á]|ti|co
litícine	nome masculino	li|[tí]|ci|ne
lítico	adjetivo	[lí]|ti|co
litificação	nome feminino	li|ti|fi|ca|[ção]
litificar	verbo	li|ti|fi|[car]
litigação	nome feminino	li|ti|ga|[ção]
litigante	adjetivo	li|ti|[gan]|te
litigante	nome masculino	li|ti|[gan]|te
litigante	nome feminino	li|ti|[gan]|te
litigar	verbo	li|ti|[gar]
litigável	adjetivo	li|ti|[gá]|vel
litigiar	verbo	li|ti|gi|[ar]
litígio	nome masculino	li|[tí]|gi|o
litigiosamente	advérbio	li|ti|gi|o|sa|[men]|te
litigioso	adjetivo	li|ti|gi|[o]|so
litina	nome feminino	li|[ti]|na
litinado	adjetivo	li|ti|[na]|do
litínico	adjetivo	li|[tí]|ni|co
litinífero	adjetivo	li|ti|[ní]|fe|ro
lítio	nome masculino	[lí]|ti|o
litioforite	nome feminino	li|ti|o|fo|[ri]|te
litionite	nome feminino	li|ti|o|[ni]|te
litisconsórcio	nome masculino	li|tis|con|[sór]|ci|o
litisconsorte	nome masculino	li|tis|con|[sor]|te
litisconsorte	nome feminino	li|tis|con|[sor]|te
litispendência	nome feminino	li|tis|pen|[dên]|ci|a
litispendente	adjetivo	li|tis|pen|[den]|te
litizonte	nome masculino	li|ti|[zon]|te
litobíida	nome masculino	li|to|[bí]|i|da
litobiídeo	nome masculino	li|to|bi|[í]|de|o
litobiídeo	adjetivo	li|to|bi|[í]|de|o
litóbio	nome masculino	li|[tó]|bi|o
litocálamo	nome masculino	li|to|[cá]|la|mo
litocarpo	nome masculino	li|to|[car]|po
litóclase	nome feminino	li|[tó]|cla|se
litoclasta	nome masculino	li|to|[clas]|ta
litoclastia	nome feminino	li|to|clas|[ti]|a
litoclasto	nome masculino	li|to|[clas]|to
litocola	nome feminino	li|to|[co]|la
litocromia	nome feminino	li|to|cro|[mi]|a
litocrômico	adjetivo	li|to|[crô]|mi|co
litocrómico	adjetivo	li|to|[cró]|mi|co
litocromista	nome masculino	li|to|cro|[mis]|ta
litocromista	nome feminino	li|to|cro|[mis]|ta
litodendro	nome masculino	li|to|[den]|dro
litodiálise	nome feminino	li|to|di|[á]|li|se
litodonte	nome masculino	li|to|[don]|te
litofácies	nome feminino	li|to|[fá]|ci|es
litófago	adjetivo	li|[tó]|fa|go
litofania	nome feminino	li|to|fa|[ni]|a
litofânico	adjetivo	li|to|[fâ]|ni|co
litofelato	nome masculino	li|to|fe|[la]|to
litofélico	adjetivo	li|to|[fé]|li|co
litófilo	adjetivo	li|[tó]|fi|lo
litofilo	nome masculino	li|to|[fi]|lo
litófilo	nome masculino	li|[tó]|fi|lo
