litófito	nome masculino	li|[tó]|fi|to
litogênese	nome feminino	li|to|[gê]|ne|se
litogénese	nome feminino	li|to|[gé]|ne|se
litogenesia	nome feminino	li|to|ge|ne|[si]|a
litogenésico	adjetivo	li|to|ge|[né]|si|co
litogenético	adjetivo	li|to|ge|[né]|ti|co
litoglifia	nome feminino	li|to|gli|[fi]|a
litoglífico	adjetivo	li|to|[glí]|fi|co
litóglifo	nome masculino	li|[tó]|gli|fo
litografar	verbo	li|to|gra|[far]
litografia	nome feminino	li|to|gra|[fi]|a
litograficamente	advérbio	li|to|gra|fi|ca|[men]|te
litográfico	adjetivo	li|to|[grá]|fi|co
litógrafo	nome masculino	li|[tó]|gra|fo
litogravura	nome feminino	li|to|gra|[vu]|ra
litoide	adjetivo	li|[toi]|de
litolábio	nome masculino	li|to|[lá]|bi|o
litólatra	nome masculino	li|[tó]|la|tra
litólatra	nome feminino	li|[tó]|la|tra
litolatria	nome feminino	li|to|la|[tri]|a
litolátrico	adjetivo	li|to|[lá]|tri|co
litólise	nome feminino	li|[tó]|li|se
litolisia	nome feminino	li|to|li|[si]|a
litolítico	adjetivo	li|to|[lí]|ti|co
litóloga	nome feminino	li|[tó]|lo|ga
litologia	nome feminino	li|to|lo|[gi]|a
litológico	adjetivo	li|to|[ló]|gi|co
litologista	nome masculino	li|to|lo|[gis]|ta
litologista	nome feminino	li|to|lo|[gis]|ta
litólogo	nome masculino	li|[tó]|lo|go
litomancia	nome feminino	li|to|man|[ci]|a
litomante	nome masculino	li|to|[man]|te
litomante	nome feminino	li|to|[man]|te
litomântico	adjetivo	li|to|[mân]|ti|co
litométrico	adjetivo	li|to|[mé]|tri|co
litómetro	nome masculino	li|[tó]|me|tro
litômetro	nome masculino	li|[tô]|me|tro
litonde	nome masculino	li|[ton]|de
litopédio	nome masculino	li|to|[pé]|di|o
litor	nome masculino	li|[tor]
litoral	adjetivo	li|to|[ral]
litoral	nome masculino	li|to|[ral]
litorâneo	adjetivo	li|to|[râ]|ne|o
litóreo	adjetivo	li|[tó]|re|o
litória	nome feminino	li|[tó]|ri|a
litorina	nome feminino	li|to|[ri]|na
litorínida	nome masculino	li|to|[rí]|ni|da
litorinídeo	nome masculino	li|to|ri|[ní]|de|o
litorinídeo	adjetivo	li|to|ri|[ní]|de|o
litório	adjetivo	li|[tó]|ri|o
litoscópico	adjetivo	li|tos|[có]|pi|co
litoscópio	nome masculino	li|tos|[có]|pi|o
litosfera	nome feminino	li|tos|[fe]|ra
litosférico	adjetivo	li|tos|[fé]|ri|co
litospermo	adjetivo	li|tos|[per]|mo
litospermo	nome masculino	li|tos|[per]|mo
litospôngio	nome masculino	li|tos|[pôn]|gi|o
litotâmnio	nome masculino	li|to|[tâm]|ni|o
litote	nome feminino	li|[to]|te
litoteca	nome feminino	li|to|[te]|ca
litotes	nome feminino	li|[to]|tes
lítotes	nome feminino	[lí]|to|tes
litotipografia	nome feminino	li|to|ti|po|gra|[fi]|a
litotipográfico	adjetivo	li|to|ti|po|[grá]|fi|co
litotomia	nome feminino	li|to|to|[mi]|a
litotómico	adjetivo	li|to|[tó]|mi|co
litotômico	adjetivo	li|to|[tô]|mi|co
litotomista	nome masculino	li|to|to|[mis]|ta
litotomista	nome feminino	li|to|to|[mis]|ta
litótomo	nome masculino	li|[tó]|to|mo
litótopo	nome masculino	li|[tó]|to|po
litotrícia	nome feminino	li|to|[trí]|ci|a
litotripsia	nome feminino	li|to|trip|[si]|a
litotríptico	adjetivo	li|to|[tríp]|ti|co
litotritor	adjetivo	li|to|tri|[tor]
litotritor	nome masculino	li|to|tri|[tor]
litóxilo	nome masculino	li|[tó]|xi|lo
litrácea	nome feminino	li|[trá]|ce|a
litráceo	adjetivo	li|[trá]|ce|o
litragem	nome feminino	li|[tra]|gem
litro	nome masculino	[li]|tro
litródio	nome masculino	li|[tró]|di|o
littreano	adjetivo	lit|tre|[a]|no
littreísta	adjetivo	lit|tre|[ís]|ta
littreísta	nome masculino	lit|tre|[ís]|ta
littreísta	nome feminino	lit|tre|[ís]|ta
lituana	nome feminino	li|tu|[a]|na
lituânica	nome feminino	li|tu|[â]|ni|ca
lituânico	adjetivo	li|tu|[â]|ni|co
lituânico	nome masculino	li|tu|[â]|ni|co
lituânio	adjetivo	li|tu|[â]|ni|o
lituânio	nome masculino	li|tu|[â]|ni|o
lituano	nome masculino	li|tu|[a]|no
lituano	adjetivo	li|tu|[a]|no
lítuo	nome masculino	[lí]|tu|o
litura	nome feminino	li|[tu]|ra
liturgia	nome feminino	li|tur|[gi]|a
liturgicamente	advérbio	li|tur|gi|ca|[men]|te
litúrgico	adjetivo	li|[túr]|gi|co
liturgista	nome masculino	li|tur|[gis]|ta
