lambedela	nome feminino	lam|be|[de]|la
lambedor	adjetivo	lam|be|[dor]
lambedor	nome masculino	lam|be|[dor]
lambedora	nome feminino	lam|be|[do]|ra
lambedura	nome feminino	lam|be|[du]|ra
lambefe	nome masculino	lam|[be]|fe
lambeiro	adjetivo	lam|[bei]|ro
lambeiro	nome masculino	lam|[bei]|ro
lambel	nome masculino	lam|[bel]
lamber	verbo	lam|[ber]
lambert	nome masculino	lam|bert
lambeta	nome feminino	lam|[be]|ta
lambida	nome feminino	lam|[bi]|da
lambidela	nome feminino	lam|bi|[de]|la
lambido	adjetivo	lam|[bi]|do
lambiscar	verbo	lam|bis|[car]
lambisco	nome masculino	lam|[bis]|co
lambisgoia	nome feminino	lam|bis|[goi]|a
lambisqueira	nome feminino	lam|bis|[quei]|ra
lambisqueiro	adjetivo	lam|bis|[quei]|ro
lambisqueiro	nome masculino	lam|bis|[quei]|ro
lambona	nome feminino	lam|[bo]|na
lambrequim	nome masculino	lam|bre|[quim]
lambrequinado	adjetivo	lam|bre|qui|[na]|do
lambreta	nome feminino	lam|[bre]|ta
lambri	nome masculino	lam|[bri]
lambril	nome masculino	lam|[bril]
lambrim	nome masculino	lam|[brim]
lambrizar	verbo	lam|bri|[zar]
lambuça	nome feminino	lam|[bu]|ça
lambuçadela	nome feminino	lam|bu|ça|[de]|la
lambuçar	verbo	lam|bu|[çar]
lambugem	nome feminino	lam|[bu]|gem
lambuja	nome feminino	lam|[bu]|ja
lambujar	verbo	lam|bu|[jar]
lambujeira	nome feminino	lam|bu|[jei]|ra
lambujeiro	adjetivo	lam|bu|[jei]|ro
lambujeiro	nome masculino	lam|bu|[jei]|ro
lambujem	nome feminino	lam|[bu]|jem
lambuzada	nome feminino	lam|bu|[za]|da
lambuzadela	nome feminino	lam|bu|za|[de]|la
lambuzado	adjetivo	lam|bu|[za]|do
lambuzar	verbo	lam|bu|[zar]
lamê	adjetivo	la|[mê]
lamê	nome masculino	la|[mê]
lamé	nome masculino	la|mé
lamé	adjetivo	la|[mé]
lamecense	nome masculino	la|me|[cen]|se
lamecense	adjetivo	la|me|[cen]|se
lamecense	nome feminino	la|me|[cen]|se
lamecha	adjetivo	la|[me]|cha
lamecha	nome masculino	la|[me]|cha
lamecha	nome feminino	la|[me]|cha
lamechar	verbo	la|me|[char]
lamechice	nome feminino	la|me|[chi]|ce
lamechismo	nome masculino	la|me|[chis]|mo
lamego	nome masculino	la|[me]|go
lamegueiro	nome masculino	la|me|[guei]|ro
lameira	nome feminino	la|[mei]|ra
lameiral	nome masculino	la|mei|[ral]
lameirão	nome masculino	la|mei|[rão]
lameirento	adjetivo	la|mei|[ren]|to
lameirinha	nome feminino	la|mei|[ri]|nha
lameiro	nome masculino	la|[mei]|ro
lamela	nome feminino	la|[me]|la
lamelação	nome feminino	la|me|la|[ção]
lamelado	adjetivo	la|me|[la]|do
lamelar	adjetivo	la|me|[lar]
lamelar	verbo	la|me|[lar]
lamelibrânquio	nome masculino	la|me|li|[brân]|qui|o
lamelibrânquio	adjetivo	la|me|li|[brân]|qui|o
lamelicórneo	adjetivo	la|me|li|[cór]|ne|o
lamelicórneo	nome masculino	la|me|li|[cór]|ne|o
lamelífero	adjetivo	la|me|[lí]|fe|ro
lameliforme	adjetivo	la|me|li|[for]|me
lamelípede	adjetivo	la|me|[lí]|pe|de
lamelirrostro	nome masculino	la|me|lir|[ros]|tro
lamelirrostro	adjetivo	la|me|lir|[ros]|tro
lameloso	adjetivo	la|me|[lo]|so
lamentação	nome feminino	la|men|ta|[ção]
lamentado	adjetivo	la|men|[ta]|do
lamentador	adjetivo	la|men|ta|[dor]
lamentador	nome masculino	la|men|ta|[dor]
lamentadora	nome feminino	la|men|ta|[do]|ra
lamentar	verbo	la|men|[tar]
lamentável	adjetivo	la|men|[tá]|vel
lamentavelmente	advérbio	la|men|ta|vel|[men]|te
lamento	nome masculino	la|[men]|to
lamentoso	adjetivo	la|men|[to]|so
lâmia	nome feminino	[lâ]|mi|a
lamiácea	nome feminino	la|mi|[á]|ce|a
lamieira	nome feminino	la|mi|[ei]|ra
lamieiro	nome masculino	la|mi|[ei]|ro
lâmina	nome feminino	[lâ]|mi|na
lâmina	nome masculino	[lâ]|mi|na
laminação	nome feminino	la|mi|na|[ção]
laminado	adjetivo	la|mi|[na]|do
laminado	nome masculino	la|mi|[na]|do
laminador	nome masculino	la|mi|na|[dor]
laminagem	nome feminino	la|mi|[na]|gem
