lanceiro	nome masculino	lan|[cei]|ro
lanceiros	nome masculino	lan|[cei]|ros
lanceolado	adjetivo	lan|ce|o|[la]|do
lanceolar	adjetivo	lan|ce|o|[lar]
lanceta	nome feminino	lan|[ce]|ta
lancetada	nome feminino	lan|ce|[ta]|da
lancetar	verbo	lan|ce|[tar]
lanceteira	nome feminino	lan|ce|[tei]|ra
lancha	nome feminino	[lan]|cha
lanchada	nome feminino	lan|[cha]|da
lanchai	nome masculino	lan|[chai]
lanchal	nome masculino	lan|[chal]
lanchão	nome masculino	lan|[chão]
lanchar	verbo	lan|[char]
lanche	nome masculino	[lan]|che
lancheira	nome feminino	lan|[chei]|ra
lancheiro	nome masculino	lan|[chei]|ro
lancheta	nome feminino	lan|[che]|ta
lanchô	nome feminino	lan|[chô]
lanchonete	nome feminino	lan|cho|[ne]|te
lanciforme	adjetivo	lan|ci|[for]|me
lancil	nome masculino	lan|[cil]
lancinante	adjetivo	lan|ci|[nan]|te
lancinar	verbo	lan|ci|[nar]
lanço	nome masculino	[lan]|ço
landa	nome feminino	[lan]|da
landaina	nome feminino	lan|[dai]|na
landau	nome masculino	lan|[dau]
lande	nome feminino	[lan]|de
landeiliano	adjetivo	lan|dei|li|[a]|no
landeira	nome feminino	lan|[dei]|ra
landeiral	nome masculino	lan|dei|[ral]
landeiro	adjetivo	lan|[dei]|ro
landeniano	adjetivo	lan|de|ni|[a]|no
landês	adjetivo	lan|[dês]
landês	nome masculino	lan|[dês]
landgrave	nome masculino	land|[gra]|ve
landgrávio	nome masculino	land|[grá]|vi|o
landim	nome masculino	lan|[dim]
landim	adjetivo	lan|[dim]
landim	nome feminino	lan|[dim]
landino	adjetivo	lan|[di]|no
landisco	nome masculino	lan|[dis]|co
landó	nome masculino	lan|[dó]
landô	nome masculino	lan|[dô]
lândoa	nome feminino	[lân]|do|a
landoveriano	adjetivo	lan|do|ve|ri|[a]|no
landra	nome feminino	[lan]|dra
landre	nome feminino	[lan]|dre
landreiro	nome masculino	lan|[drei]|ro
landro	nome masculino	[lan]|dro
laneiro	nome masculino	la|[nei]|ro
langará	nome masculino	lan|ga|[rá]
langaré	nome masculino	lan|ga|[ré]
langarear	verbo	lan|ga|re|[ar]
langonha	nome masculino	lan|[go]|nha
langonha	nome feminino	lan|[go]|nha
langor	nome masculino	lan|[gor]
langoroso	adjetivo	lan|go|[ro]|so
lângua	nome feminino	[lân]|gua
languana	adjetivo	lan|[gua]|na
languçar	verbo	lan|gu|[çar]
languedociano	nome masculino	lan|gue|do|ci|[a]|no
languedociano	adjetivo	lan|gue|do|ci|[a]|no
languedor	nome masculino	lan|gue|[dor]
langueirão	nome masculino	lan|guei|[rão]
languento	adjetivo	lan|[guen]|to
languescente	adjetivo	lan|gues|[cen]|te
languescer	verbo	lan|gues|[cer]
languidamente	advérbio	lan|gui|da|[men]|te
languidescer	verbo	lan|gui|des|[cer]
languidez	nome feminino	lan|gui|[dez]
lânguido	adjetivo	[lân]|gui|do
languinhento	adjetivo	lan|gui|[nhen]|to
languir	verbo	lan|[guir]
lanha	nome feminino	[la]|nha
lanhaço	nome masculino	la|[nha]|ço
lanhadela	nome feminino	la|nha|[de]|la
lanhado	adjetivo	la|[nha]|do
lanhar	verbo	la|[nhar]
lanho	nome masculino	[la]|nho
lanhosense	nome masculino	la|nho|[sen]|se
lanhosense	adjetivo	la|nho|[sen]|se
lanhosense	nome feminino	la|nho|[sen]|se
lanífero	adjetivo	la|[ní]|fe|ro
lanifício	nome masculino	la|ni|[fí]|ci|o
lanígero	adjetivo	la|[ní]|ge|ro
laníida	nome masculino	la|[ní]|i|da
laniídeo	nome masculino	la|ni|[í]|de|o
laniídeo	adjetivo	la|ni|[í]|de|o
lanolina	nome feminino	la|no|[li]|na
lanosidade	nome feminino	la|no|si|[da]|de
lanoso	adjetivo	la|[no]|so
lansquenê	nome masculino	lans|que|[nê]
lansquené	nome masculino	lans|que|[né]
lansquenete	nome masculino	lans|que|[ne]|te
lantana	nome feminino	lan|[ta]|na
lantanídeo	nome masculino	lan|ta|[ní]|de|o
lantânio	nome masculino	lan|[tâ]|ni|o
lantejoila	nome feminino	lan|te|[joi]|la
