delivrar	verbo	de|li|[vrar]
delocutivo	nome masculino	de|lo|cu|[ti]|vo
delonga	nome feminino	de|[lon]|ga
delongado	adjetivo	de|lon|[ga]|do
delongador	adjetivo	de|lon|ga|[dor]
delongador	nome masculino	de|lon|ga|[dor]
delongamento	nome masculino	de|lon|ga|[men]|to
delongar	verbo	de|lon|[gar]
delóstomo	nome masculino	de|[lós]|to|mo
delta	nome masculino	[del]|ta
deltacismo	nome masculino	del|ta|[cis]|mo
deltaico	adjetivo	del|[tai]|co
deltocarpo	adjetivo	del|to|[car]|po
deltoedro	nome masculino	del|to|[e]|dro
deltoidal	adjetivo	del|toi|[dal]
deltoide	nome masculino	del|[toi]|de
deltoide	adjetivo	del|[toi]|de
deltóideo	adjetivo	del|[tói]|de|o
delubro	nome masculino	de|[lu]|bro
delúcia	nome feminino	de|[lú]|ci|a
deludir	verbo	de|lu|[dir]
delusão	nome feminino	de|lu|[são]
deluso	adjetivo	de|[lu]|so
delusor	adjetivo	de|lu|[sor]
delusor	nome masculino	de|lu|[sor]
delusório	adjetivo	de|lu|[só]|ri|o
deluzir	verbo	de|lu|[zir]
demagoga	nome feminino	de|ma|[go]|ga
demagogia	nome feminino	de|ma|go|[gi]|a
demagogicamente	advérbio	de|ma|go|gi|ca|[men]|te
demagogice	nome feminino	de|ma|go|[gi]|ce
demagógico	adjetivo	de|ma|[gó]|gi|co
demagogismo	nome masculino	de|ma|go|[gis]|mo
demagogista	nome masculino	de|ma|go|[gis]|ta
demagogista	nome feminino	de|ma|go|[gis]|ta
demagogo	nome masculino	de|ma|[go]|go
demais	advérbio	de|[mais]
demais	artigo demostrativo	de|[mais]
demais	pronome demostrativo	de|[mais]
demanda	nome feminino	de|[man]|da
demandado	adjetivo	de|man|[da]|do
demandado	nome masculino	de|man|[da]|do
demandador	nome masculino	de|man|da|[dor]
demandante	adjetivo	de|man|[dan]|te
demandante	nome masculino	de|man|[dan]|te
demandante	nome feminino	de|man|[dan]|te
demandão	nome masculino	de|man|[dão]
demandar	verbo	de|man|[dar]
demandável	adjetivo	de|man|[dá]|vel
demandista	nome masculino	de|man|[dis]|ta
demandista	nome feminino	de|man|[dis]|ta
demão	nome feminino	de|[mão]
demarcação	nome feminino	de|mar|ca|[ção]
demarcado	adjetivo	de|mar|[ca]|do
demarcador	adjetivo	de|mar|ca|[dor]
demarcador	nome masculino	de|mar|ca|[dor]
demarcar	verbo	de|mar|[car]
demarcativo	adjetivo	de|mar|ca|[ti]|vo
demarcatório	adjetivo	de|mar|ca|[tó]|ri|o
demarcável	adjetivo	de|mar|[cá]|vel
démarche	nome masculino	dé|mar|che
demasia	nome feminino	de|ma|[si]|a
demasiadamente	advérbio	de|ma|si|a|da|[men]|te
demasiado	advérbio	de|ma|si|[a]|do
demasiado	adjetivo	de|ma|si|[a]|do
demasiar	verbo	de|ma|si|[ar]
dembado	nome masculino	dem|[ba]|do
dembe	nome masculino	[dem]|be
dembo	nome masculino	[dem]|bo
dembo	adjetivo	[dem]|bo
dembo	nome feminino	[dem]|bo
demear	verbo	de|me|[ar]
demência	nome feminino	de|[mên]|ci|a
demencial	adjetivo	de|men|ci|[al]
demenso	nome masculino	de|[men]|so
dementação	nome feminino	de|men|ta|[ção]
dementada	nome feminino	de|men|[ta]|da
dementado	adjetivo	de|men|[ta]|do
dementado	nome masculino	de|men|[ta]|do
dementar	verbo	de|men|[tar]
demente	adjetivo	de|[men]|te
demente	nome masculino	de|[men]|te
demente	nome feminino	de|[men]|te
demerara	nome masculino	de|me|[ra]|ra
demérito	adjetivo	de|[mé]|ri|to
demérito	nome masculino	de|[mé]|ri|to
demeritório	adjetivo	de|me|ri|[tó]|ri|o
demetríaco	adjetivo	de|me|[trí]|a|co
dêmico	adjetivo	[dê]|mi|co
démico	adjetivo	[dé]|mi|co
demissão	nome feminino	de|mis|[são]
demissibilidade	nome feminino	de|mis|si|bi|li|[da]|de
demissionário	adjetivo	de|mis|si|o|[ná]|ri|o
demissionista	adjetivo	de|mis|si|o|[nis]|ta
demissível	adjetivo	de|mis|[sí]|vel
demisso	adjetivo	de|[mis]|so
demissor	adjetivo	de|mis|[sor]
demissor	nome masculino	de|mis|[sor]
demissório	adjetivo	de|mis|[só]|ri|o
demitademente	advérbio	de|mi|ta|de|[men]|te
