demonólatra	nome feminino	de|mo|[nó]|la|tra
demonolatria	nome feminino	de|mo|no|la|[tri]|a
demonolátrico	adjetivo	de|mo|no|[lá]|tri|co
demonologia	nome feminino	de|mo|no|lo|[gi]|a
demonológico	adjetivo	de|mo|no|[ló]|gi|co
demonólogo	nome masculino	de|mo|[nó]|lo|go
demonomancia	nome feminino	de|mo|no|man|[ci]|a
demonomania	nome feminino	de|mo|no|ma|[ni]|a
demonomaníaco	adjetivo	de|mo|no|ma|[ní]|a|co
demonomaníaco	nome masculino	de|mo|no|ma|[ní]|a|co
demonómano	nome masculino	de|mo|[nó]|ma|no
demonômano	nome masculino	de|mo|[nô]|ma|no
demonomante	nome masculino	de|mo|no|[man]|te
demonomante	nome feminino	de|mo|no|[man]|te
demonomântico	adjetivo	de|mo|no|[mân]|ti|co
demonopata	nome masculino	de|mo|no|[pa]|ta
demonopata	nome feminino	de|mo|no|[pa]|ta
demonopatia	nome feminino	de|mo|no|pa|[ti]|a
demonstrabilidade	nome feminino	de|mons|tra|bi|li|[da]|de
demonstração	nome feminino	de|mons|tra|[ção]
demonstrado	adjetivo	de|mons|[tra]|do
demonstrador	nome masculino	de|mons|tra|[dor]
demonstrador	adjetivo	de|mons|tra|[dor]
demonstradora	nome feminino	de|mons|tra|[do]|ra
demonstrante	adjetivo	de|mons|[tran]|te
demonstrante	nome masculino	de|mons|[tran]|te
demonstrante	nome feminino	de|mons|[tran]|te
demonstrar	verbo	de|mons|[trar]
demonstrativamente	advérbio	de|mons|tra|ti|va|[men]|te
demonstrativo	adjetivo	de|mons|tra|[ti]|vo
demonstrativo	nome masculino	de|mons|tra|[ti]|vo
demonstrativo-numeral	adjetivo	de|mons|tra|ti|vo-nu|me|[ral]
demonstrável	adjetivo	de|mons|[trá]|vel
demopsicologia	nome feminino	de|mop|si|co|lo|[gi]|a
demopsicológico	adjetivo	de|mop|si|co|[ló]|gi|co
demopsicólogo	nome masculino	de|mop|si|[có]|lo|go
demora	nome feminino	de|[mo]|ra
demoradamente	advérbio	de|mo|ra|da|[men]|te
demorado	adjetivo	de|mo|[ra]|do
demorar	verbo	de|mo|[rar]
demoroso	adjetivo	de|mo|[ro]|so
demóstenes	nome masculino	de|[mós]|te|nes
demostênico	adjetivo	de|mos|[tê]|ni|co
demosténico	adjetivo	de|mos|[té]|ni|co
demostração	nome feminino	de|mos|tra|[ção]
demostrador	adjetivo	de|mos|tra|[dor]
demostrador	nome masculino	de|mos|tra|[dor]
demostrar	verbo	de|mos|[trar]
demostrativo	adjetivo	de|mos|tra|[ti]|vo
demótico	adjetivo	de|[mó]|ti|co
demovedor	adjetivo	de|mo|ve|[dor]
demovedor	nome masculino	de|mo|ve|[dor]
demovente	adjetivo	de|mo|[ven]|te
demover	verbo	de|mo|[ver]
demovimento	nome masculino	de|mo|vi|[men]|to
demovível	adjetivo	de|mo|[ví]|vel
dempetém	nome masculino	dem|pe|[tém]
demudado	adjetivo	de|mu|[da]|do
demudamento	nome masculino	de|mu|da|[men]|to
demudança	nome feminino	de|mu|[dan]|ça
demudar	verbo	de|mu|[dar]
demulcente	adjetivo	de|mul|[cen]|te
demulcente	nome masculino	de|mul|[cen]|te
demulcir	verbo	de|mul|[cir]
denário	adjetivo	de|[ná]|ri|o
denário	nome masculino	de|[ná]|ri|o
dendê	nome masculino	den|[dê]
dendém	nome masculino	den|[dém]
dendezeiro	nome masculino	den|de|[zei]|ro
dendo	nome masculino	[den]|do
dendrícola	adjetivo	den|[drí]|co|la
dendriforme	adjetivo	den|dri|[for]|me
dendrite	nome feminino	den|[dri]|te
dendrítico	adjetivo	den|[drí]|ti|co
dendrito	nome masculino	den|[dri]|to
dendróbata	adjetivo	den|[dró]|ba|ta
dendróbata	nome masculino	den|[dró]|ba|ta
dendróbata	nome feminino	den|[dró]|ba|ta
dendrocárpio	nome masculino	den|dro|[cár]|pi|o
dendroclasta	adjetivo	den|dro|[clas]|ta
dendroclasta	nome masculino	den|dro|[clas]|ta
dendroclasta	nome feminino	den|dro|[clas]|ta
dendroclastia	nome feminino	den|dro|clas|[ti]|a
dendrocronologia	nome feminino	den|dro|cro|no|lo|[gi]|a
dendrocronológico	adjetivo	den|dro|cro|no|[ló]|gi|co
dendrofagia	nome feminino	den|dro|fa|[gi]|a
dendrófago	adjetivo	den|[dró]|fa|go
dendrofilia	nome feminino	den|dro|fi|[li]|a
dendrófilo	adjetivo	den|[dró]|fi|lo
dendrofobia	nome feminino	den|dro|fo|[bi]|a
dendrófobo	adjetivo	den|[dró]|fo|bo
dendróforo	adjetivo	den|[dró]|fo|ro
dendróforo	nome masculino	den|[dró]|fo|ro
dendrografia	nome feminino	den|dro|gra|[fi]|a
dendrográfico	adjetivo	den|dro|[grá]|fi|co
dendrógrafo	nome masculino	den|[dró]|gra|fo
dendrograma	nome masculino	den|dro|[gra]|ma
dendroide	adjetivo	den|[droi]|de
dendróideo	adjetivo	den|[drói]|de|o
dendrólatra	adjetivo	den|[dró]|la|tra
