dendrólatra	nome masculino	den|[dró]|la|tra
dendrólatra	nome feminino	den|[dró]|la|tra
dendrolatria	nome feminino	den|dro|la|[tri]|a
dendrolátrico	adjetivo	den|dro|[lá]|tri|co
dendrólito	nome masculino	den|[dró]|li|to
dendrologia	nome feminino	den|dro|lo|[gi]|a
dendrológico	adjetivo	den|dro|[ló]|gi|co
dendrologista	nome masculino	den|dro|lo|[gis]|ta
dendrologista	nome feminino	den|dro|lo|[gis]|ta
dendrólogo	nome masculino	den|[dró]|lo|go
dendromancia	nome feminino	den|dro|man|[ci]|a
dendrometria	nome feminino	den|dro|me|[tri]|a
dendrométrico	adjetivo	den|dro|[mé]|tri|co
dendrômetro	nome masculino	den|[drô]|me|tro
dendrómetro	nome masculino	den|[dró]|me|tro
dendrotomia	nome feminino	den|dro|to|[mi]|a
dendrotômico	adjetivo	den|dro|[tô]|mi|co
dendrotómico	adjetivo	den|dro|[tó]|mi|co
denegação	nome feminino	de|ne|ga|[ção]
denegar	verbo	de|ne|[gar]
denegatório	adjetivo	de|ne|ga|[tó]|ri|o
denegável	adjetivo	de|ne|[gá]|vel
denegrecer	verbo	de|ne|gre|[cer]
denegrecível	adjetivo	de|ne|gre|[cí]|vel
denegridor	adjetivo	de|ne|gri|[dor]
denegridor	nome masculino	de|ne|gri|[dor]
denegrir	verbo	de|ne|[grir]
denervação	nome feminino	de|ner|va|[ção]
denervar	verbo	de|ner|[var]
dengo	nome masculino	[den]|go
dengosa	nome feminino	den|[go]|sa
dengosamente	advérbio	den|go|sa|[men]|te
dengoso	adjetivo	den|[go]|so
dengue	nome masculino	[den]|gue
dengue	adjetivo	[den]|gue
dengue	nome feminino	[den]|gue
denguedengue	nome masculino	den|gue|[den]|gue
denguer	verbo	den|[guer]
denguice	nome feminino	den|[gui]|ce
denguim	nome masculino	den|[guim]
denigração	nome feminino	de|ni|gra|[ção]
denigrativo	adjetivo	de|ni|gra|[ti]|vo
denigrescível	adjetivo	de|ni|gres|[cí]|vel
denigrir	verbo	de|ni|[grir]
denigrível	adjetivo	de|ni|[grí]|vel
denodadamente	advérbio	de|no|da|da|[men]|te
denodado	adjetivo	de|no|[da]|do
denodar	verbo	de|no|[dar]
denodável	adjetivo	de|no|[dá]|vel
denodo	nome masculino	de|[no]|do
denominação	nome feminino	de|no|mi|na|[ção]
denominado	adjetivo	de|no|mi|[na]|do
denominador	adjetivo	de|no|mi|na|[dor]
denominador	nome masculino	de|no|mi|na|[dor]
denominadora	nome feminino	de|no|mi|na|[do]|ra
denominal	adjetivo	de|no|mi|[nal]
denominar	verbo	de|no|mi|[nar]
denominativo	adjetivo	de|no|mi|na|[ti]|vo
denominável	adjetivo	de|no|mi|[ná]|vel
denotação	nome feminino	de|no|ta|[ção]
denotador	adjetivo	de|no|ta|[dor]
denotador	nome masculino	de|no|ta|[dor]
denotar	verbo	de|no|[tar]
denotativo	adjetivo	de|no|ta|[ti]|vo
densamente	advérbio	den|sa|[men]|te
densar	verbo	den|[sar]
densidade	nome feminino	den|si|[da]|de
densidão	nome feminino	den|si|[dão]
densificação	nome feminino	den|si|fi|ca|[ção]
densificar	verbo	den|si|fi|[car]
densifloro	adjetivo	den|si|[flo]|ro
densifoliado	adjetivo	den|si|fo|li|[a]|do
densimetria	nome feminino	den|si|me|[tri]|a
densimétrico	adjetivo	den|si|[mé]|tri|co
densímetro	nome masculino	den|[sí]|me|tro
densitometria	nome feminino	den|si|to|me|[tri]|a
densitométrico	adjetivo	den|si|to|[mé]|tri|co
densitômetro	nome masculino	den|si|[tô]|me|tro
densitómetro	nome masculino	den|si|[tó]|me|tro
denso	adjetivo	[den]|so
dentada	nome feminino	den|[ta]|da
dentado	adjetivo	den|[ta]|do
dentadura	nome feminino	den|ta|[du]|ra
dental	nome masculino	den|[tal]
dental	nome feminino	den|[tal]
dental	adjetivo	den|[tal]
dentalgia	nome feminino	den|tal|[gi]|a
dentálio	nome masculino	den|[tá]|li|o
dentalita	nome masculino	den|ta|[li]|ta
dentão	nome masculino	den|[tão]
dentar	verbo	den|[tar]
dentária	nome feminino	den|[tá]|ri|a
dentário	adjetivo	den|[tá]|ri|o
dente	nome masculino	[den]|te
dente de coelho	nome masculino	[den]|te de co|e|lho
dente-de-cão	nome masculino	den|te-de-cão
dente-de-leão	nome masculino	den|te-de-le|[ão]
denteação	nome feminino	den|te|a|[ção]
denteado	adjetivo	den|te|[a]|do
dentear	verbo	den|te|[ar]
