depravação	nome feminino	de|pra|va|[ção]
depravada	nome feminino	de|pra|[va]|da
depravadamente	advérbio	de|pra|va|da|[men]|te
depravado	adjetivo	de|pra|[va]|do
depravado	nome masculino	de|pra|[va]|do
depravador	adjetivo	de|pra|va|[dor]
depravador	nome masculino	de|pra|va|[dor]
depravar	verbo	de|pra|[var]
deprecação	nome feminino	de|pre|ca|[ção]
deprecada	nome feminino	de|pre|[ca]|da
deprecado	adjetivo	de|pre|[ca]|do
deprecante	adjetivo	de|pre|[can]|te
deprecante	nome masculino	de|pre|[can]|te
deprecante	nome feminino	de|pre|[can]|te
deprecar	verbo	de|pre|[car]
deprecativamente	advérbio	de|pre|ca|ti|va|[men]|te
deprecativo	adjetivo	de|pre|ca|[ti]|vo
deprecatória	nome feminino	de|pre|ca|[tó]|ri|a
deprecatório	adjetivo	de|pre|ca|[tó]|ri|o
depreciação	nome feminino	de|pre|ci|a|[ção]
depreciado	adjetivo	de|pre|ci|[a]|do
depreciador	adjetivo	de|pre|ci|a|[dor]
depreciador	nome masculino	de|pre|ci|a|[dor]
depreciar	verbo	de|pre|ci|[ar]
depreciativamente	advérbio	de|pre|ci|a|ti|va|[men]|te
depreciativo	adjetivo	de|pre|ci|a|[ti]|vo
depreciável	adjetivo	de|pre|ci|[á]|vel
depredação	nome feminino	de|pre|da|[ção]
depredado	adjetivo	de|pre|[da]|do
depredador	adjetivo	de|pre|da|[dor]
depredador	nome masculino	de|pre|da|[dor]
depredadora	nome feminino	de|pre|da|[do]|ra
depredar	verbo	de|pre|[dar]
depredativo	adjetivo	de|pre|da|[ti]|vo
depredatório	adjetivo	de|pre|da|[tó]|ri|o
depreender	verbo	de|pre|en|[der]
depreendido	adjetivo	de|pre|en|[di]|do
depreensão	nome feminino	de|pre|en|[são]
depressa	advérbio	de|[pres]|sa
depressão	nome feminino	de|pres|[são]
depressar	verbo	de|pres|[sar]
depressinha	advérbio	de|pres|[si]|nha
depressionário	adjetivo	de|pres|si|o|[ná]|ri|o
depressiva	nome feminino	de|pres|[si]|va
depressivamente	advérbio	de|pres|si|va|[men]|te
depressível	adjetivo	de|pres|[sí]|vel
depressivo	nome masculino	de|pres|[si]|vo
depressivo	adjetivo	de|pres|[si]|vo
depresso	adjetivo	de|[pres]|so
depressor	nome masculino	de|pres|[sor]
depressor	adjetivo	de|pres|[sor]
depressora	nome feminino	de|pres|[so]|ra
deprimência	nome feminino	de|pri|[mên]|ci|a
deprimente	adjetivo	de|pri|[men]|te
deprimido	adjetivo	de|pri|[mi]|do
deprimir	verbo	de|pri|[mir]
deprimível	adjetivo	de|pri|[mí]|vel
depuração	nome feminino	de|pu|ra|[ção]
depurado	adjetivo	de|pu|[ra]|do
depurador	adjetivo	de|pu|ra|[dor]
depurador	nome masculino	de|pu|ra|[dor]
depuradora	nome feminino	de|pu|ra|[do]|ra
depurante	adjetivo	de|pu|[ran]|te
depurar	verbo	de|pu|[rar]
depurativo	adjetivo	de|pu|ra|[ti]|vo
depurativo	nome masculino	de|pu|ra|[ti]|vo
depuratório	adjetivo	de|pu|ra|[tó]|ri|o
depurável	adjetivo	de|pu|[rá]|vel
deputação	nome feminino	de|pu|ta|[ção]
deputada	nome feminino	de|pu|[ta]|da
deputado	nome masculino	de|pu|[ta]|do
deputado	adjetivo	de|pu|[ta]|do
deputar	verbo	de|pu|[tar]
deque	nome masculino	[de]|que
dequitação	nome feminino	de|qui|ta|[ção]
dequitadura	nome feminino	de|qui|ta|[du]|ra
dequitar	verbo	de|qui|[tar]
dequite	nome masculino	de|[qui]|te
deradelfia	nome feminino	de|ra|del|[fi]|a
deradelfo	nome masculino	de|ra|[del]|fo
derbeta	adjetivo	der|[be]|ta
derbeta	nome masculino	der|[be]|ta
derbeta	nome feminino	der|[be]|ta
dérbi	nome masculino	[dér]|bi
dérbice	adjetivo	[dér]|bi|ce
dérbice	nome masculino	[dér]|bi|ce
dérbice	nome feminino	[dér]|bi|ce
derby	nome masculino	[der]|by
derencéfalo	nome masculino	de|ren|[cé]|fa|lo
deretino	adjetivo	de|re|[ti]|no
deretino	nome masculino	de|re|[ti]|no
derisão	nome feminino	de|ri|[são]
derisor	nome masculino	de|ri|[sor]
derisório	adjetivo	de|ri|[só]|ri|o
deriva	nome feminino	de|[ri]|va
derivação	nome feminino	de|ri|va|[ção]
derivacional	adjetivo	de|ri|va|ci|o|[nal]
derivada	nome feminino	de|ri|[va]|da
derivado	nome masculino	de|ri|[va]|do
derivado	adjetivo	de|ri|[va]|do
