derivante	adjetivo	de|ri|[van]|te
derivante	nome feminino	de|ri|[van]|te
derivar	verbo	de|ri|[var]
derivativo	nome masculino	de|ri|va|[ti]|vo
derivativo	adjetivo	de|ri|va|[ti]|vo
derivatório	adjetivo	de|ri|va|[tó]|ri|o
derivável	adjetivo	de|ri|[vá]|vel
derma	nome masculino	[der]|ma
dermabrasão	nome feminino	der|ma|bra|[são]
dermalgia	nome feminino	der|mal|[gi]|a
dermáptero	nome masculino	der|[máp]|te|ro
dermatalgia	nome feminino	der|ma|tal|[gi]|a
dermatálgico	adjetivo	der|ma|[tál]|gi|co
dermático	adjetivo	der|[má]|ti|co
dermatina	nome feminino	der|ma|[ti]|na
dermatite	nome feminino	der|ma|[ti]|te
dermatobrânquio	nome masculino	der|ma|to|[brân]|qui|o
dermatofobia	nome feminino	der|ma|to|fo|[bi]|a
dermatófobo	adjetivo	der|ma|[tó]|fo|bo
dermatófobo	nome masculino	der|ma|[tó]|fo|bo
dermatoglifia	nome feminino	der|ma|to|gli|[fi]|a
dermatóglifo	nome masculino	der|ma|[tó]|gli|fo
dermatografia	nome feminino	der|ma|to|gra|[fi]|a
dermatográfico	adjetivo	der|ma|to|[grá]|fi|co
dermatógrafo	nome masculino	der|ma|[tó]|gra|fo
dermatoide	adjetivo	der|ma|[toi]|de
dermatol	nome masculino	der|ma|[tol]
dermatólise	nome feminino	der|ma|[tó]|li|se
dermatolisia	nome feminino	der|ma|to|li|[si]|a
dermatolítico	adjetivo	der|ma|to|[lí]|ti|co
dermatologia	nome feminino	der|ma|to|lo|[gi]|a
dermatológico	adjetivo	der|ma|to|[ló]|gi|co
dermatologista	nome masculino	der|ma|to|lo|[gis]|ta
dermatologista	nome feminino	der|ma|to|lo|[gis]|ta
dermatólogo	nome masculino	der|ma|[tó]|lo|go
dermatoma	nome masculino	der|ma|[to]|ma
dermatomicose	nome feminino	der|ma|to|mi|[co]|se
dermatomiosite	nome feminino	der|ma|to|mi|o|[si]|te
dermátomo	nome masculino	der|[má]|to|mo
dermatoneurose	nome feminino	der|ma|to|neu|[ro]|se
dermatopatia	nome feminino	der|ma|to|pa|[ti]|a
dermatopático	adjetivo	der|ma|to|[pá]|ti|co
dermatoplastia	nome feminino	der|ma|to|plas|[ti]|a
dermatópode	nome masculino	der|ma|[tó]|po|de
dermatóptero	nome masculino	der|ma|[tóp]|te|ro
dermatóptero	adjetivo	der|ma|[tóp]|te|ro
dermatorragia	nome feminino	der|ma|tor|ra|[gi]|a
dermatorrágico	adjetivo	der|ma|tor|[rá]|gi|co
dermatorreia	nome feminino	der|ma|tor|[rei]|a
dermatorreico	adjetivo	der|ma|tor|[rei]|co
dermatorrinco	nome masculino	der|ma|tor|[rin]|co
dermatosclerose	nome feminino	der|ma|tos|cle|[ro]|se
dermatose	nome feminino	der|ma|[to]|se
dermatoterapia	nome feminino	der|ma|to|te|ra|[pi]|a
dermatoterápico	adjetivo	der|ma|to|te|[rá]|pi|co
dermatotomia	nome feminino	der|ma|to|to|[mi]|a
dermatotômico	adjetivo	der|ma|to|[tô]|mi|co
dermatotómico	adjetivo	der|ma|to|[tó]|mi|co
dermatozoário	nome masculino	der|ma|to|zo|[á]|ri|o
derme	nome feminino	[der]|me
dermesta	nome masculino	der|[mes]|ta
dermestídeo	nome masculino	der|mes|[tí]|de|o
dermestídeo	adjetivo	der|mes|[tí]|de|o
dérmico	adjetivo	[dér]|mi|co
dermite	nome feminino	der|[mi]|te
dermográfico	adjetivo	der|mo|[grá]|fi|co
dermografismo	nome masculino	der|mo|gra|[fis]|mo
dermoide	adjetivo	der|[moi]|de
dermopapilograma	nome masculino	der|mo|pa|pi|lo|[gra]|ma
dermoprotetor	adjetivo	der|mo|pro|te|[tor]
dermóptero	nome masculino	der|[móp]|te|ro
dermoterapia	nome feminino	der|mo|te|ra|[pi]|a
derodídimo	nome masculino	de|ro|[dí]|di|mo
derrabado	adjetivo	der|ra|[ba]|do
derrabanho	nome masculino	der|ra|[ba]|nho
derrabar	verbo	der|ra|[bar]
derradeiramente	advérbio	der|ra|dei|ra|[men]|te
derradeiro	adjetivo	der|ra|[dei]|ro
derraigar	verbo	der|rai|[gar]
derrama	nome feminino	der|[ra]|ma
derramação	nome feminino	der|ra|ma|[ção]
derramado	adjetivo	der|ra|[ma]|do
derramador	adjetivo	der|ra|ma|[dor]
derramador	nome masculino	der|ra|ma|[dor]
derramamento	nome masculino	der|ra|ma|[men]|to
derramar	verbo	der|ra|[mar]
derramável	adjetivo	der|ra|[má]|vel
derrame	nome masculino	der|[ra]|me
derrancado	adjetivo	der|ran|[ca]|do
derrancamento	nome masculino	der|ran|ca|[men]|to
derrancar	verbo	der|ran|[car]
derranco	nome masculino	der|[ran]|co
derrangadeira	nome feminino	der|ran|ga|[dei]|ra
derranque	nome masculino	der|[ran]|que
derrapagem	nome feminino	der|ra|[pa]|gem
derrapante	adjetivo	der|ra|[pan]|te
derrapar	verbo	der|ra|[par]
derreadela	nome feminino	der|re|a|[de]|la
derreado	adjetivo	der|re|[a]|do
derreador	adjetivo	der|re|a|[dor]
