derreador	nome masculino	der|re|a|[dor]
derreamento	nome masculino	der|re|a|[men]|to
derrear	verbo	der|re|[ar]
derredor	advérbio	der|re|[dor]
derrega	nome feminino	der|[re]|ga
derregador	nome masculino	der|re|ga|[dor]
derregar	verbo	der|re|[gar]
derreia	nome feminino	der|[rei]|a
derreigar	verbo	der|rei|[gar]
derreio	nome masculino	der|[rei]|o
derrelição	nome feminino	der|re|li|[ção]
derrelicção	nome feminino	der|re|lic|[ção]
derrelicto	adjetivo	der|re|[lic]|to
derrelito	adjetivo	der|re|[li]|to
derrengado	adjetivo	der|ren|[ga]|do
derrengar	verbo	der|ren|[gar]
derrengo	nome masculino	der|[ren]|go
derrengue	nome masculino	der|[ren]|gue
derrete	nome masculino	der|[re]|te
derretedura	nome feminino	der|re|te|[du]|ra
derreter	verbo	der|re|[ter]
derretido	adjetivo	der|re|[ti]|do
derretimento	nome masculino	der|re|ti|[men]|to
derretível	adjetivo	der|re|[tí]|vel
derriba	nome feminino	der|[ri]|ba
derribador	adjetivo	der|ri|ba|[dor]
derribador	nome masculino	der|ri|ba|[dor]
derribamento	nome masculino	der|ri|ba|[men]|to
derribar	verbo	der|ri|[bar]
derriça	nome feminino	der|[ri]|ça
derriçador	adjetivo	der|ri|ça|[dor]
derriçador	nome masculino	der|ri|ça|[dor]
derriçar	verbo	der|ri|[çar]
derriço	nome masculino	der|[ri]|ço
derrisão	nome feminino	der|ri|[são]
derrisca	nome feminino	der|[ris]|ca
derriscar	verbo	der|ris|[car]
derrisor	nome masculino	der|ri|[sor]
derrisório	adjetivo	der|ri|[só]|ri|o
derrocada	nome feminino	der|ro|[ca]|da
derrocado	adjetivo	der|ro|[ca]|do
derrocador	adjetivo	der|ro|ca|[dor]
derrocador	nome masculino	der|ro|ca|[dor]
derrocamento	nome masculino	der|ro|ca|[men]|to
derrocar	verbo	der|ro|[car]
derrogação	nome feminino	der|ro|ga|[ção]
derrogador	adjetivo	der|ro|ga|[dor]
derrogador	nome masculino	der|ro|ga|[dor]
derrogadora	nome feminino	der|ro|ga|[do]|ra
derrogamento	nome masculino	der|ro|ga|[men]|to
derrogante	adjetivo	der|ro|[gan]|te
derrogante	nome masculino	der|ro|[gan]|te
derrogante	nome feminino	der|ro|[gan]|te
derrogar	verbo	der|ro|[gar]
derrogatório	adjetivo	der|ro|ga|[tó]|ri|o
derrogável	adjetivo	der|ro|[gá]|vel
derrota	nome feminino	der|[ro]|ta
derrotada	nome feminino	der|ro|[ta]|da
derrotado	adjetivo	der|ro|[ta]|do
derrotado	nome masculino	der|ro|[ta]|do
derrotador	nome masculino	der|ro|ta|[dor]
derrotador	adjetivo	der|ro|ta|[dor]
derrotadora	nome feminino	der|ro|ta|[do]|ra
derrotar	verbo	der|ro|[tar]
derrotável	adjetivo	der|ro|[tá]|vel
derrote	nome masculino	der|[ro]|te
derroteiro	nome masculino	der|ro|[tei]|ro
derrotismo	nome masculino	der|ro|[tis]|mo
derrotista	adjetivo	der|ro|[tis]|ta
derrotista	nome masculino	der|ro|[tis]|ta
derrotista	nome feminino	der|ro|[tis]|ta
derruba	nome feminino	der|[ru]|ba
derrubada	nome feminino	der|ru|[ba]|da
derrubado	adjetivo	der|ru|[ba]|do
derrubador	adjetivo	der|ru|ba|[dor]
derrubador	nome masculino	der|ru|ba|[dor]
derrubamento	nome masculino	der|ru|ba|[men]|to
derrubar	verbo	der|ru|[bar]
derrubável	adjetivo	der|ru|[bá]|vel
derrube	nome masculino	der|[ru]|be
derruição	nome feminino	der|ru|i|[ção]
derruidor	adjetivo	der|ru|i|[dor]
derruidor	nome masculino	der|rui|[dor]
derruimento	nome masculino	der|ru|i|[men]|to
derruir	verbo	der|ru|[ir]
derseu	adjetivo	der|[seu]
derseu	nome masculino	der|[seu]
dervis	nome masculino	der|[vis]
dervixe	nome masculino	der|[vi]|xe
dês	preposição	[dês]
desabado	adjetivo	de|sa|[ba]|do
desabado	nome masculino	de|sa|[ba]|do
desabafado	adjetivo	de|sa|ba|[fa]|do
desabafamento	nome masculino	de|sa|ba|fa|[men]|to
desabafar	verbo	de|sa|ba|[far]
desabafo	nome masculino	de|sa|[ba]|fo
desabalada	nome feminino	de|sa|ba|[la]|da
desabaladamente	advérbio	de|sa|ba|la|da|[men]|te
desabalado	adjetivo	de|sa|ba|[la]|do
desabalar	verbo	de|sa|ba|[lar]
