desaproveitar	verbo	de|sa|pro|vei|[tar]
desaproveitável	adjetivo	de|sa|pro|vei|[tá]|vel
desaproximar	verbo	de|sa|pro|xi|[mar]
desaprumar	verbo	de|sa|pru|[mar]
desaprumo	nome masculino	de|sa|[pru]|mo
desapurado	adjetivo	de|sa|pu|[ra]|do
desapuro	nome masculino	de|sa|[pu]|ro
desaquartelamento	nome masculino	de|sa|quar|te|la|[men]|to
desaquartelar	verbo	de|sa|quar|te|[lar]
desaquecer	verbo	de|sa|que|[cer]
desaquinhoamento	nome masculino	de|sa|qui|nho|a|[men]|to
desaquinhoar	verbo	de|sa|qui|nho|[ar]
desar	nome masculino	de|[sar]
desaranhar	verbo	de|sa|ra|[nhar]
desarar	verbo	de|sa|[rar]
desarborização	nome feminino	de|sar|bo|ri|za|[ção]
desarborizado	adjetivo	de|sar|bo|ri|[za]|do
desarborizador	adjetivo	de|sar|bo|ri|za|[dor]
desarborizador	nome masculino	de|sar|bo|ri|za|[dor]
desarborizar	verbo	de|sar|bo|ri|[zar]
desarcado	adjetivo	de|sar|[ca]|do
desarcar	verbo	de|sar|[car]
desareador	nome masculino	de|sa|re|a|[dor]
desarear	verbo	de|sa|re|[ar]
desarestar	verbo	de|sa|res|[tar]
desaristado	adjetivo	de|sa|ris|[ta]|do
desaristar	verbo	de|sa|ris|[tar]
desarmação	nome feminino	de|sar|ma|[ção]
desarmadilhar	verbo	de|sar|ma|di|[lhar]
desarmado	adjetivo	de|sar|[ma]|do
desarmador	adjetivo	de|sar|ma|[dor]
desarmador	nome masculino	de|sar|ma|[dor]
desarmadora	nome feminino	de|sar|ma|[do]|ra
desarmamento	nome masculino	de|sar|ma|[men]|to
desarmante	adjetivo	de|sar|[man]|te
desarmar	verbo	de|sar|[mar]
desarmável	adjetivo	de|sar|[má]|vel
desarme	nome masculino	de|[sar]|me
desarmonia	nome feminino	de|sar|mo|[ni]|a
desarmônico	adjetivo	de|sar|[mô]|ni|co
desarmónico	adjetivo	de|sar|[mó]|ni|co
desarmoniosamente	advérbio	de|sar|mo|ni|o|sa|[men]|te
desarmonioso	adjetivo	de|sar|mo|ni|[o]|so
desarmonização	nome feminino	de|sar|mo|ni|za|[ção]
desarmonizador	adjetivo	de|sar|mo|ni|za|[dor]
desarmonizador	nome masculino	de|sar|mo|ni|za|[dor]
desarmonizadora	nome feminino	de|sar|mo|ni|za|[do]|ra
desarmonizar	verbo	de|sar|mo|ni|[zar]
desaromar	verbo	de|sa|ro|[mar]
desaromatização	nome feminino	de|sa|ro|ma|ti|za|[ção]
desaromatizar	verbo	de|sa|ro|ma|ti|[zar]
desarquear	verbo	de|sar|que|[ar]
desarquitetar	verbo	de|sar|qui|te|[tar]
desarraigamento	nome masculino	de|sar|rai|ga|[men]|to
desarraigar	verbo	de|sar|rai|[gar]
desarraigável	adjetivo	de|sar|rai|[gá]|vel
desarrancar	verbo	de|sar|ran|[car]
desarranchar	verbo	de|sar|ran|[char]
desarranjada	nome feminino	de|sar|ran|[ja]|da
desarranjadamente	advérbio	de|sar|ran|ja|da|[men]|te
desarranjado	adjetivo	de|sar|ran|[ja]|do
desarranjado	nome masculino	de|sar|ran|[ja]|do
desarranjador	adjetivo	de|sar|ran|ja|[dor]
desarranjador	nome masculino	de|sar|ran|ja|[dor]
desarranjamento	nome masculino	de|sar|ran|ja|[men]|to
desarranjar	verbo	de|sar|ran|[jar]
desarranjo	nome masculino	de|sar|[ran]|jo
desarrazoadamente	advérbio	de|sar|ra|zo|a|da|[men]|te
desarrazoado	nome masculino	de|sar|ra|zo|[a]|do
desarrazoado	adjetivo	de|sar|ra|zo|[a]|do
desarrazoamento	nome masculino	de|sar|ra|zo|a|[men]|to
desarrazoar	verbo	de|sar|ra|zo|[ar]
desarrear	verbo	de|sar|re|[ar]
desarreatar	verbo	de|sar|re|a|[tar]
desarrebitar	verbo	de|sar|re|bi|[tar]
desarredar	verbo	de|sar|re|[dar]
desarredondar	verbo	de|sar|re|don|[dar]
desarregaçar	verbo	de|sar|re|ga|[çar]
desarreigamento	nome masculino	de|sar|rei|ga|[men]|to
desarreigar	verbo	de|sar|rei|[gar]
desarreigável	adjetivo	de|sar|rei|[gá]|vel
desarrenegar	verbo	de|sar|re|ne|[gar]
desarrimar	verbo	de|sar|ri|[mar]
desarrimo	nome masculino	de|sar|[ri]|mo
desarrisca	nome feminino	de|sar|[ris]|ca
desarriscar	verbo	de|sar|ris|[car]
desarrochar	verbo	de|sar|ro|[char]
desarrolhamento	nome masculino	de|sar|ro|lha|[men]|to
desarrolhar	verbo	de|sar|ro|[lhar]
desarruar	verbo	de|sar|ru|[ar]
desarrufar	verbo	de|sar|ru|[far]
desarrufo	nome masculino	de|sar|[ru]|fo
desarrugamento	nome masculino	de|sar|ru|ga|[men]|to
desarrugar	verbo	de|sar|ru|[gar]
desarrumação	nome feminino	de|sar|ru|ma|[ção]
desarrumada	nome feminino	de|sar|ru|[ma]|da
desarrumado	adjetivo	de|sar|ru|[ma]|do
desarrumado	nome masculino	de|sar|ru|[ma]|do
desarrumar	verbo	de|sar|ru|[mar]
desarrumo	nome masculino	de|sar|[ru]|mo
