desbagamento	nome masculino	des|ba|ga|[men]|to
desbagar	verbo	des|ba|[gar]
desbagoar	verbo	des|ba|go|[ar]
desbagulhar	verbo	des|ba|gu|[lhar]
desbalçar	verbo	des|bal|[çar]
desbalização	nome feminino	des|ba|li|za|[ção]
desbalizar	verbo	des|ba|li|[zar]
desbambar	verbo	des|bam|[bar]
desbanalizar	verbo	des|ba|na|li|[zar]
desbancar	verbo	des|ban|[car]
desbanda	nome feminino	des|[ban]|da
desbandalhar	verbo	des|ban|da|[lhar]
desbandar	verbo	des|ban|[dar]
desbandeira	nome feminino	des|ban|[dei]|ra
desbandeiramento	nome masculino	des|ban|dei|ra|[men]|to
desbandeirar	verbo	des|ban|dei|[rar]
desbanque	nome masculino	des|[ban]|que
desbaratador	adjetivo	des|ba|ra|ta|[dor]
desbaratador	nome masculino	des|ba|ra|ta|[dor]
desbaratamento	nome masculino	des|ba|ra|ta|[men]|to
desbaratar	verbo	des|ba|ra|[tar]
desbarate	nome masculino	des|ba|[ra]|te
desbarato	nome masculino	des|ba|[ra]|to
desbarbado	adjetivo	des|bar|[ba]|do
desbarbador	nome masculino	des|bar|ba|[dor]
desbarbamento	nome masculino	des|bar|ba|[men]|to
desbarbar	verbo	des|bar|[bar]
desbarbarizar	verbo	des|bar|ba|ri|[zar]
desbarbedo	nome masculino	des|bar|[be]|do
desbarrancamento	nome masculino	des|bar|ran|ca|[men]|to
desbarrancar	verbo	des|bar|ran|[car]
desbarranco	nome masculino	des|bar|[ran]|co
desbarrar	verbo	des|bar|[rar]
desbarretar	verbo	des|bar|re|[tar]
desbarrigado	adjetivo	des|bar|ri|[ga]|do
desbarrigar	verbo	des|bar|ri|[gar]
desbastação	nome feminino	des|bas|ta|[ção]
desbastador	nome masculino	des|bas|ta|[dor]
desbastador	adjetivo	des|bas|ta|[dor]
desbastadora	nome feminino	des|bas|ta|[do]|ra
desbastamento	nome masculino	des|bas|ta|[men]|to
desbastar	verbo	des|bas|[tar]
desbastardar	verbo	des|bas|tar|[dar]
desbaste	nome masculino	des|[bas]|te
desbastecer	verbo	des|bas|te|[cer]
desbatizar	verbo	des|ba|ti|[zar]
desbatocar	verbo	des|ba|to|[car]
desbeiçar	verbo	des|bei|[çar]
desbicar	verbo	des|bi|[car]
desbloqueamento	nome masculino	des|blo|que|a|[men]|to
desbloquear	verbo	des|blo|que|[ar]
desbloqueio	nome masculino	des|blo|[quei]|o
desbobinar	verbo	des|bo|bi|[nar]
desbocada	nome feminino	des|bo|[ca]|da
desbocadamente	advérbio	des|bo|ca|da|[men]|te
desbocado	adjetivo	des|bo|[ca]|do
desbocado	nome masculino	des|bo|[ca]|do
desbocamento	nome masculino	des|bo|ca|[men]|to
desbocar	verbo	des|bo|[car]
desbolado	adjetivo	des|bo|[la]|do
desbolinar	verbo	des|bo|li|[nar]
desborcar	verbo	des|bor|[car]
desborcelar	verbo	des|bor|ce|[lar]
desborcinar	verbo	des|bor|ci|[nar]
desbordamento	nome masculino	des|bor|da|[men]|to
desbordante	adjetivo	des|bor|[dan]|te
desbordar	verbo	des|bor|[dar]
desbordo	nome masculino	des|[bor]|do
desboroar	verbo	des|bo|ro|[ar]
desborrar	verbo	des|bor|[rar]
desbotado	adjetivo	des|bo|[ta]|do
desbotadura	nome feminino	des|bo|ta|[du]|ra
desbotamento	nome masculino	des|bo|ta|[men]|to
desbotar	verbo	des|bo|[tar]
desbotável	adjetivo	des|bo|[tá]|vel
desbotoar	verbo	des|bo|to|[ar]
desbragada	nome feminino	des|bra|[ga]|da
desbragadamente	advérbio	des|bra|ga|da|[men]|te
desbragado	adjetivo	des|bra|[ga]|do
desbragado	nome masculino	des|bra|[ga]|do
desbragamento	nome masculino	des|bra|ga|[men]|to
desbragar	verbo	des|bra|[gar]
desbrasileirar	verbo	des|bra|si|lei|[rar]
desbravado	adjetivo	des|bra|[va]|do
desbravador	adjetivo	des|bra|va|[dor]
desbravador	nome masculino	des|bra|va|[dor]
desbravamento	nome masculino	des|bra|va|[men]|to
desbravar	verbo	des|bra|[var]
desbravável	adjetivo	des|bra|[vá]|vel
desbriado	adjetivo	des|bri|[a]|do
desbriado	nome masculino	des|bri|[a]|do
desbriador	adjetivo	des|bri|a|[dor]
desbriamento	nome masculino	des|bri|a|[men]|to
desbriar	verbo	des|bri|[ar]
desbridação	nome feminino	des|bri|da|[ção]
desbridamento	nome masculino	des|bri|da|[men]|to
desbridar	verbo	des|bri|[dar]
desbrilho	nome masculino	des|[bri]|lho
desbrio	nome masculino	des|[bri]|o
desbrioso	adjetivo	des|bri|[o]|so
