desbrochar	verbo	des|bro|[char]
desbuchar	verbo	des|bu|[char]
desbulha	nome feminino	des|[bu]|lha
desbulhar	verbo	des|bu|[lhar]
desbulho	nome masculino	des|[bu]|lho
desbunda	nome feminino	des|[bun]|da
desbundar	verbo	des|bun|[dar]
desbunde	nome masculino	des|[bun]|de
desburocratização	nome feminino	des|bu|ro|cra|ti|za|[ção]
desburocratizar	verbo	des|bu|ro|cra|ti|[zar]
descabeçado	adjetivo	des|ca|be|[ça]|do
descabeçador	nome masculino	des|ca|be|ça|[dor]
descabeçamento	nome masculino	des|ca|be|ça|[men]|to
descabeçar	verbo	des|ca|be|[çar]
descabelada	nome feminino	des|ca|be|[la]|da
descabeladamente	advérbio	des|ca|be|la|da|[men]|te
descabelado	adjetivo	des|ca|be|[la]|do
descabelamento	nome masculino	des|ca|be|la|[men]|to
descabelar	verbo	des|ca|be|[lar]
descabelo	nome masculino	des|ca|[be]|lo
descaber	verbo	des|ca|[ber]
descabidamente	advérbio	des|ca|bi|da|[men]|te
descabido	adjetivo	des|ca|[bi]|do
descabimento	nome masculino	des|ca|bi|[men]|to
descabreado	adjetivo	des|ca|bre|[a]|do
descabrear	verbo	des|ca|bre|[ar]
descaçar	verbo	des|ca|[çar]
descachaçar	verbo	des|ca|cha|[çar]
descachar	verbo	des|ca|[char]
descachelado	adjetivo	des|ca|che|[la]|do
descadeirado	adjetivo	des|ca|dei|[ra]|do
descadeirar	verbo	des|ca|dei|[rar]
descafeinação	nome feminino	des|ca|fei|na|[ção]
descafeinado	adjetivo	des|ca|fei|[na]|do
descafeinado	nome masculino	des|ca|fei|[na]|do
descafeinar	verbo	des|ca|fei|[nar]
descafeinável	adjetivo	des|ca|fei|[ná]|vel
descafeinizar	verbo	des|ca|fei|ni|[zar]
descaída	nome feminino	des|ca|[í]|da
descaidela	nome feminino	des|cai|[de]|la
descaído	adjetivo	des|ca|[í]|do
descaimento	nome masculino	des|cai|[men]|to
descair	verbo	des|ca|[ir]
descalabrado	adjetivo	des|ca|la|[bra]|do
descalabrar	verbo	des|ca|la|[brar]
descalabro	nome masculino	des|ca|[la]|bro
descalçadeira	nome feminino	des|cal|ça|[dei]|ra
descalçadela	nome feminino	des|cal|ça|[de]|la
descalçador	nome masculino	des|cal|ça|[dor]
descalçadura	nome feminino	des|cal|ça|[du]|ra
descalçamento	nome masculino	des|cal|ça|[men]|to
descalçar	verbo	des|cal|[çar]
descalcetar	verbo	des|cal|ce|[tar]
descalcez	nome feminino	des|cal|[cez]
descalcificação	nome feminino	des|cal|ci|fi|ca|[ção]
descalcificado	adjetivo	des|cal|ci|fi|[ca]|do
descalcificador	adjetivo	des|cal|ci|fi|ca|[dor]
descalcificador	nome masculino	des|cal|ci|fi|ca|[dor]
descalcificante	adjetivo	des|cal|ci|fi|[can]|te
descalcificar	verbo	des|cal|ci|fi|[car]
descalço	adjetivo	des|[cal]|ço
descalço	nome masculino	des|[cal]|ço
descalhoar	verbo	des|ca|lho|[ar]
descaliçar	verbo	des|ca|li|[çar]
descalvado	adjetivo	des|cal|[va]|do
descalvar	verbo	des|cal|[var]
descamação	nome feminino	des|ca|ma|[ção]
descamar	verbo	des|ca|[mar]
descamativo	adjetivo	des|ca|ma|[ti]|vo
descamável	adjetivo	des|ca|[má]|vel
descambação	nome feminino	des|cam|ba|[ção]
descambada	nome feminino	des|cam|[ba]|da
descambadela	nome feminino	des|cam|ba|[de]|la
descambado	adjetivo	des|cam|[ba]|do
descambado	nome masculino	des|cam|[ba]|do
descambar	verbo	des|cam|[bar]
descaminhar	verbo	des|ca|mi|[nhar]
descaminho	nome masculino	des|ca|[mi]|nho
descamisa	nome feminino	des|ca|[mi]|sa
descamisada	nome feminino	des|ca|mi|[sa]|da
descamisado	adjetivo	des|ca|mi|[sa]|do
descamisado	nome masculino	des|ca|mi|[sa]|do
descamisador	nome masculino	des|ca|mi|sa|[dor]
descamisar	verbo	des|ca|mi|[sar]
descampado	nome masculino	des|cam|[pa]|do
descampado	adjetivo	des|cam|[pa]|do
descampar	verbo	des|cam|[par]
descanar	verbo	des|ca|[nar]
descancelar	verbo	des|can|ce|[lar]
descangar	verbo	des|can|[gar]
descangotado	adjetivo	des|can|go|[ta]|do
descangotar	verbo	des|can|go|[tar]
descanhotar	verbo	des|ca|nho|[tar]
descansadamente	advérbio	des|can|sa|da|[men]|te
descansadão	nome masculino	des|can|sa|[dão]
descansadeiro	nome masculino	des|can|sa|[dei]|ro
descansado	adjetivo	des|can|[sa]|do
descansar	verbo	des|can|[sar]
descanso	nome masculino	des|[can]|so
descantar	verbo	des|can|[tar]
