descascadela	nome feminino	des|cas|ca|[de]|la
descascado	adjetivo	des|cas|[ca]|do
descascador	adjetivo	des|cas|ca|[dor]
descascador	nome masculino	des|cas|ca|[dor]
descascadora	nome feminino	des|cas|ca|[do]|ra
descascadura	nome feminino	des|cas|ca|[du]|ra
descascamento	nome masculino	des|cas|ca|[men]|to
descascar	verbo	des|cas|[car]
descascável	adjetivo	des|cas|[cá]|vel
descaso	nome masculino	des|[ca]|so
descaspar	verbo	des|cas|[par]
descasque	nome masculino	des|[cas]|que
descasquear	verbo	des|cas|que|[ar]
descasquejar	verbo	des|cas|que|[jar]
descatequização	nome feminino	des|ca|te|qui|za|[ção]
descatequizar	verbo	des|ca|te|qui|[zar]
descativar	verbo	des|ca|ti|[var]
descatolização	nome feminino	des|ca|to|li|za|[ção]
descatolizador	adjetivo	des|ca|to|li|za|[dor]
descatolizador	nome masculino	des|ca|to|li|za|[dor]
descatolizar	verbo	des|ca|to|li|[zar]
descaudado	adjetivo	des|cau|[da]|do
descaudar	verbo	des|cau|[dar]
descaudato	adjetivo	des|cau|[da]|to
descautela	nome feminino	des|cau|[te]|la
descautelado	adjetivo	des|cau|te|[la]|do
descautelosamente	advérbio	des|cau|te|lo|sa|[men]|te
descauteloso	adjetivo	des|cau|te|[lo]|so
descavalgamento	nome masculino	des|ca|val|ga|[men]|to
descavalgar	verbo	des|ca|val|[gar]
descavar	verbo	des|ca|[var]
descaveirado	adjetivo	des|ca|vei|[ra]|do
descedeira	nome feminino	des|ce|[dei]|ra
descedura	nome feminino	des|ce|[du]|ra
descefalização	nome feminino	des|ce|fa|li|za|[ção]
descegar	verbo	des|ce|[gar]
descelulado	adjetivo	des|ce|lu|[la]|do
descelular	verbo	des|ce|lu|[lar]
descendência	nome feminino	des|cen|[dên]|ci|a
descendente	adjetivo	des|cen|[den]|te
descendente	nome masculino	des|cen|[den]|te
descendente	nome feminino	des|cen|[den]|te
descender	verbo	des|cen|[der]
descendimento	nome masculino	des|cen|di|[men]|to
descensão	nome feminino	des|cen|[são]
descensional	adjetivo	des|cen|si|o|[nal]
descensionalmente	advérbio	des|cen|si|o|nal|[men]|te
descenso	nome masculino	des|[cen]|so
descente	adjetivo	des|[cen]|te
descente	nome feminino	des|[cen]|te
descentração	nome feminino	des|cen|tra|[ção]
descentralismo	nome masculino	des|cen|tra|[lis]|mo
descentralista	adjetivo	des|cen|tra|[lis]|ta
descentralista	nome masculino	des|cen|tra|[lis]|ta
descentralista	nome feminino	des|cen|tra|[lis]|ta
descentralização	nome feminino	des|cen|tra|li|za|[ção]
descentralizador	adjetivo	des|cen|tra|li|za|[dor]
descentralizador	nome masculino	des|cen|tra|li|za|[dor]
descentralizadora	nome feminino	des|cen|tra|li|za|[do]|ra
descentralizar	verbo	des|cen|tra|li|[zar]
descentralizável	adjetivo	des|cen|tra|li|[zá]|vel
descentramento	nome masculino	des|cen|tra|[men]|to
descentrar	verbo	des|cen|[trar]
descentrável	adjetivo	des|cen|[trá]|vel
descer	verbo	des|[cer]
descercador	adjetivo	des|cer|ca|[dor]
descercador	nome masculino	des|cer|ca|[dor]
descercar	verbo	des|cer|[car]
descerco	nome masculino	des|[cer]|co
descerebração	nome feminino	des|ce|re|bra|[ção]
descerebrado	adjetivo	des|ce|re|[bra]|do
descerebrado	nome masculino	des|ce|re|[bra]|do
descerebrar	verbo	des|ce|re|[brar]
descerimónia	nome feminino	des|ce|ri|[mó]|ni|a
descerimônia	nome feminino	des|ce|ri|[mô]|ni|a
descerimoniosamente	advérbio	des|ce|ri|mo|ni|o|sa|[men]|te
descerimonioso	adjetivo	des|ce|ri|mo|ni|[o]|so
descerrado	adjetivo	des|cer|[ra]|do
descerramento	nome masculino	des|cer|ra|[men]|to
descerrar	verbo	des|cer|[rar]
deschancelar	verbo	des|chan|ce|[lar]
deschapelar	verbo	des|cha|pe|[lar]
deschumbar	verbo	des|chum|[bar]
descida	nome feminino	des|[ci]|da
descido	adjetivo	des|[ci]|do
descimbramento	nome masculino	des|cim|bra|[men]|to
descimbrar	verbo	des|cim|[brar]
descimentação	nome feminino	des|ci|men|ta|[ção]
descimentar	verbo	des|ci|men|[tar]
descimento	nome masculino	des|ci|[men]|to
descingir	verbo	des|cin|[gir]
descintar	verbo	des|cin|[tar]
descivilizar	verbo	des|ci|vi|li|[zar]
descivilizável	adjetivo	des|ci|vi|li|[zá]|vel
desclaridade	nome feminino	des|cla|ri|[da]|de
desclassificação	nome feminino	des|clas|si|fi|ca|[ção]
desclassificada	nome feminino	des|clas|si|fi|[ca]|da
desclassificado	adjetivo	des|clas|si|fi|[ca]|do
desclassificado	nome masculino	des|clas|si|fi|[ca]|do
desclassificar	verbo	des|clas|si|fi|[car]
