descloração	nome feminino	des|clo|ra|[ção]
desclorar	verbo	des|clo|[rar]
descloretação	nome feminino	des|clo|re|ta|[ção]
descloretar	verbo	des|clo|re|[tar]
descloridrização	nome feminino	des|clo|ri|dri|za|[ção]
descloroformização	nome feminino	des|clo|ro|for|mi|za|[ção]
descloroformizar	verbo	des|clo|ro|for|mi|[zar]
descoagulação	nome feminino	des|co|a|gu|la|[ção]
descoagulamento	nome masculino	des|co|a|gu|la|[men]|to
descoagulante	adjetivo	des|co|a|gu|[lan]|te
descoagulante	nome masculino	des|co|a|gu|[lan]|te
descoagular	verbo	des|co|a|gu|[lar]
descoalhar	verbo	des|co|a|[lhar]
descoalho	nome masculino	des|co|[a]|lho
descoberta	nome feminino	des|co|[ber]|ta
descobertamente	advérbio	des|co|ber|ta|[men]|te
descoberto	nome masculino	des|co|[ber]|to
descoberto	adjetivo	des|co|[ber]|to
descobertura	nome feminino	des|co|ber|[tu]|ra
descobiçoso	adjetivo	des|co|bi|[ço]|so
descobridor	adjetivo	des|co|bri|[dor]
descobridor	nome masculino	des|co|bri|[dor]
descobridora	nome feminino	des|co|bri|[do]|ra
descobrimento	nome masculino	des|co|bri|[men]|to
descobrir	verbo	des|co|[brir]
descobrível	adjetivo	des|co|[brí]|vel
descocadamente	advérbio	des|co|ca|da|[men]|te
descocado	adjetivo	des|co|[ca]|do
descocar	verbo	des|co|[car]
descochar	verbo	des|co|[char]
descoco	nome masculino	des|[co]|co
descodear	verbo	des|co|de|[ar]
descodificação	nome feminino	des|co|di|fi|ca|[ção]
descodificador	adjetivo	des|co|di|fi|ca|[dor]
descodificador	nome masculino	des|co|di|fi|ca|[dor]
descodificadora	nome feminino	des|co|di|fi|ca|[do]|ra
descodificar	verbo	des|co|di|fi|[car]
descodificável	adjetivo	des|co|di|fi|[cá]|vel
descofrar	verbo	des|co|[frar]
descogotar	verbo	des|co|go|[tar]
descogotear	verbo	des|co|go|te|[ar]
descoifar	verbo	des|coi|[far]
descoimar	verbo	des|coi|[mar]
descoincidência	nome feminino	des|co|in|ci|[dên]|ci|a
descoitar	verbo	des|coi|[tar]
descoivarar	verbo	des|coi|va|[rar]
descolagem	nome feminino	des|co|[la]|gem
descolamento	nome masculino	des|co|la|[men]|to
descolar	verbo	des|co|[lar]
descolável	adjetivo	des|co|[lá]|vel
descolmar	verbo	des|col|[mar]
descolocar	verbo	des|co|lo|[car]
descolonização	nome feminino	des|co|lo|ni|za|[ção]
descolonizado	adjetivo	des|co|lo|ni|[za]|do
descolonizador	adjetivo	des|co|lo|ni|za|[dor]
descolonizar	verbo	des|co|lo|ni|[zar]
descolonizável	adjetivo	des|co|lo|ni|[zá]|vel
descoloração	nome feminino	des|co|lo|ra|[ção]
descolorante	nome masculino	des|co|lo|[ran]|te
descolorante	adjetivo	des|co|lo|[ran]|te
descolorar	verbo	des|co|lo|[rar]
descolorido	adjetivo	des|co|lo|[ri]|do
descolorir	verbo	des|co|lo|[rir]
descolorizar	verbo	des|co|lo|ri|[zar]
descomandar	verbo	des|co|man|[dar]
descomedidamente	advérbio	des|co|me|di|da|[men]|te
descomedido	adjetivo	des|co|me|[di]|do
descomedimento	nome masculino	des|co|me|di|[men]|to
descomedir	verbo	des|co|me|[dir]
descomer	verbo	des|co|[mer]
descometer	verbo	des|co|me|[ter]
descomodidade	nome feminino	des|co|mo|di|[da]|de
descômodo	nome masculino	des|[cô]|mo|do
descómodo	nome masculino	des|[có]|mo|do
descomover	verbo	des|co|mo|[ver]
descompactado	adjetivo	des|com|pac|[ta]|do
descompactar	verbo	des|com|pac|[tar]
descompadecer	verbo	des|com|pa|de|[cer]
descompadrar	verbo	des|com|pa|[drar]
descompaginar	verbo	des|com|pa|gi|[nar]
descompaixão	nome feminino	des|com|pai|[xão]
descomparticipação	nome feminino	des|com|par|ti|ci|pa|[ção]
descomparticipar	verbo	des|com|par|ti|ci|[par]
descompassadamente	advérbio	des|com|pas|sa|da|[men]|te
descompassado	adjetivo	des|com|pas|[sa]|do
descompassar	verbo	des|com|pas|[sar]
descompassivo	adjetivo	des|com|pas|[si]|vo
descompasso	nome masculino	des|com|[pas]|so
descompensação	nome feminino	des|com|pen|sa|[ção]
descompensado	adjetivo	des|com|pen|[sa]|do
descompensar	verbo	des|com|pen|[sar]
descomplexada	nome feminino	des|com|ple|[xa]|da
descomplexado	nome masculino	des|com|ple|[xa]|do
descomplicação	nome feminino	des|com|pli|ca|[ção]
descomplicar	verbo	des|com|pli|[car]
descomponenda	nome feminino	des|com|po|[nen]|da
descompor	verbo	des|com|[por]
descomposição	nome feminino	des|com|po|si|[ção]
descompostamente	advérbio	des|com|pos|ta|[men]|te
descomposto	adjetivo	des|com|[pos]|to
