descompostura	nome feminino	des|com|pos|[tu]|ra
descomprazente	adjetivo	des|com|pra|[zen]|te
descomprazer	verbo	des|com|pra|[zer]
descompressão	nome feminino	des|com|pres|[são]
descompressivo	adjetivo	des|com|pres|[si]|vo
descomprimir	verbo	des|com|pri|[mir]
descomprometer	verbo	des|com|pro|me|[ter]
descomprometido	adjetivo	des|com|pro|me|[ti]|do
descomunal	adjetivo	des|co|mu|[nal]
descomunalidade	nome feminino	des|co|mu|na|li|[da]|de
descomunalmente	advérbio	des|co|mu|nal|[men]|te
descomungar	verbo	des|co|mun|[gar]
descomunhão	nome feminino	des|co|mu|[nhão]
desconceito	nome masculino	des|con|[cei]|to
desconceituação	nome feminino	des|con|cei|tu|a|[ção]
desconceituar	verbo	des|con|cei|tu|[ar]
desconceituável	adjetivo	des|con|cei|tu|[á]|vel
desconcentração	nome feminino	des|con|cen|tra|[ção]
desconcentrado	adjetivo	des|con|cen|[tra]|do
desconcentrar	verbo	des|con|cen|[trar]
desconcentrável	adjetivo	des|con|cen|[trá]|vel
desconcertadamente	advérbio	des|con|cer|ta|da|[men]|te
desconcertado	adjetivo	des|con|cer|[ta]|do
desconcertador	adjetivo	des|con|cer|ta|[dor]
desconcertador	nome masculino	des|con|cer|ta|[dor]
desconcertante	adjetivo	des|con|cer|[tan]|te
desconcertar	verbo	des|con|cer|[tar]
desconcerto	nome masculino	des|con|[cer]|to
desconchavadamente	advérbio	des|con|cha|va|da|[men]|te
desconchavado	adjetivo	des|con|cha|[va]|do
desconchavar	verbo	des|con|cha|[var]
desconchavo	nome masculino	des|con|[cha]|vo
desconchegar	verbo	des|con|che|[gar]
desconchego	nome masculino	des|con|[che]|go
desconciliação	nome feminino	des|con|ci|li|a|[ção]
desconciliar	verbo	des|con|ci|li|[ar]
desconcordação	nome feminino	des|con|cor|da|[ção]
desconcordância	nome feminino	des|con|cor|[dân]|ci|a
desconcordante	adjetivo	des|con|cor|[dan]|te
desconcordar	verbo	des|con|cor|[dar]
desconcorde	adjetivo	des|con|[cor]|de
desconcórdia	nome feminino	des|con|[cór]|di|a
descondensação	nome feminino	des|con|den|sa|[ção]
descondensar	verbo	des|con|den|[sar]
descondicionamento	nome masculino	des|con|di|ci|o|na|[men]|to
descondicionar	verbo	des|con|di|ci|o|[nar]
descondizente	adjetivo	des|con|di|[zen]|te
descondizer	verbo	des|con|di|[zer]
desconectar	verbo	des|co|nec|[tar]
desconetar	verbo	des|co|ne|[tar]
desconexamente	advérbio	des|co|ne|xa|[men]|te
desconexão	nome feminino	des|co|ne|[xão]
desconexo	adjetivo	des|co|[ne]|xo
desconfeito	adjetivo	des|con|[fei]|to
desconfessar	verbo	des|con|fes|[sar]
desconfiada	nome feminino	des|con|fi|[a]|da
desconfiadamente	advérbio	des|con|fi|a|da|[men]|te
desconfiado	adjetivo	des|con|fi|[a]|do
desconfiado	nome masculino	des|con|fi|[a]|do
desconfiança	nome feminino	des|con|fi|[an]|ça
desconfiante	adjetivo	des|con|fi|[an]|te
desconfiar	verbo	des|con|fi|[ar]
desconfiável	adjetivo	des|con|fi|[á]|vel
desconformar	verbo	des|con|for|[mar]
desconforme	adjetivo	des|con|[for]|me
desconformemente	advérbio	des|con|for|me|[men]|te
desconformidade	nome feminino	des|con|for|mi|[da]|de
desconfortador	adjetivo	des|con|for|ta|[dor]
desconfortante	adjetivo	des|con|for|[tan]|te
desconfortar	verbo	des|con|for|[tar]
desconfortativo	adjetivo	des|con|for|ta|[ti]|vo
desconfortável	adjetivo	des|con|for|[tá]|vel
desconfortavelmente	advérbio	des|con|for|ta|vel|[men]|te
desconforto	nome masculino	des|con|[for]|to
desconfranger	verbo	des|con|fran|[ger]
desconfrangimento	nome masculino	des|con|fran|gi|[men]|to
desconfrontar	verbo	des|con|fron|[tar]
desconfundir	verbo	des|con|fun|[dir]
desconfusão	nome feminino	des|con|fu|[são]
descongelação	nome feminino	des|con|ge|la|[ção]
descongelado	adjetivo	des|con|ge|[la]|do
descongelador	adjetivo	des|con|ge|la|[dor]
descongelador	nome masculino	des|con|ge|la|[dor]
descongelamento	nome masculino	des|con|ge|la|[men]|to
descongelar	verbo	des|con|ge|[lar]
descongestionador	adjetivo	des|con|ges|ti|o|na|[dor]
descongestionamento	nome masculino	des|con|ges|ti|o|na|[men]|to
descongestionante	adjetivo	des|con|ges|ti|o|[nan]|te
descongestionar	verbo	des|con|ges|ti|o|[nar]
descongestivo	adjetivo	des|con|ges|[ti]|vo
desconhecedor	adjetivo	des|co|nhe|ce|[dor]
desconhecedor	nome masculino	des|co|nhe|ce|[dor]
desconhecedora	nome feminino	des|co|nhe|ce|[do]|ra
desconhecer	verbo	des|co|nhe|[cer]
desconhecida	nome feminino	des|co|nhe|[ci]|da
desconhecido	adjetivo	des|co|nhe|[ci]|do
desconhecido	nome masculino	des|co|nhe|[ci]|do
desconhecimento	nome masculino	des|co|nhe|ci|[men]|to
desconhecível	adjetivo	des|co|nhe|[cí]|vel
desconjugar	verbo	des|con|ju|[gar]
