descritivístico	adjetivo	des|cri|ti|[vís]|ti|co
descritivo	adjetivo	des|cri|[ti]|vo
descritivo	nome masculino	des|cri|[ti]|vo
descrito	adjetivo	des|[cri]|to
descritor	adjetivo	des|cri|[tor]
descritor	nome masculino	des|cri|[tor]
descritora	nome feminino	des|cri|[to]|ra
descruzamento	nome masculino	des|cru|za|[men]|to
descruzar	verbo	des|cru|[zar]
descruzável	adjetivo	des|cru|[zá]|vel
descudar	verbo	des|cu|[dar]
descudo	nome masculino	des|[cu]|do
descuidada	nome feminino	des|cui|[da]|da
descuidadamente	advérbio	des|cui|da|da|[men]|te
descuidado	adjetivo	des|cui|[da]|do
descuidado	nome masculino	des|cui|[da]|do
descuidadoso	adjetivo	des|cui|da|[do]|so
descuidar	verbo	des|cui|[dar]
descuidista	nome masculino	des|cui|[dis]|ta
descuidista	nome feminino	des|cui|[dis]|ta
descuido	nome masculino	des|[cui]|do
descuidosamente	advérbio	des|cui|do|sa|[men]|te
descuidoso	adjetivo	des|cui|[do]|so
desculpa	nome feminino	des|[cul]|pa
desculpabilização	nome feminino	des|cul|pa|bi|li|za|[ção]
desculpabilizar	verbo	des|cul|pa|bi|li|[zar]
desculpador	adjetivo	des|cul|pa|[dor]
desculpador	nome masculino	des|cul|pa|[dor]
desculpar	verbo	des|cul|[par]
desculpável	adjetivo	des|cul|[pá]|vel
desculpavelmente	advérbio	des|cul|pa|vel|[men]|te
descultivar	verbo	des|cul|ti|[var]
descultivo	nome masculino	des|cul|[ti]|vo
desculto	nome masculino	des|[cul]|to
descultura	nome feminino	des|cul|[tu]|ra
desculturação	nome feminino	des|cul|tu|ra|[ção]
desculturar	verbo	des|cul|tu|[rar]
descumprir	verbo	des|cum|[prir]
descunhar	verbo	des|cu|[nhar]
descuradamente	advérbio	des|cu|ra|da|[men]|te
descuramento	nome masculino	des|cu|ra|[men]|to
descurar	verbo	des|cu|[rar]
descuriosamente	advérbio	des|cu|ri|o|sa|[men]|te
descuriosidade	nome feminino	des|cu|ri|o|si|[da]|de
descurioso	adjetivo	des|cu|ri|[o]|so
descuro	nome masculino	des|[cu]|ro
descurvar	verbo	des|cur|[var]
desdar	verbo	des|[dar]
desde	preposição	[des]|de
desdeixar	verbo	des|dei|[xar]
desdém	nome masculino	des|[dém]
desdenhado	adjetivo	des|de|[nha]|do
desdenhador	adjetivo	des|de|nha|[dor]
desdenhador	nome masculino	des|de|nha|[dor]
desdenhar	verbo	des|de|[nhar]
desdenhativo	adjetivo	des|de|nha|[ti]|vo
desdenhável	adjetivo	des|de|[nhá]|vel
desdenho	nome masculino	des|[de]|nho
desdenhosamente	advérbio	des|de|nho|sa|[men]|te
desdenhoso	adjetivo	des|de|[nho]|so
desdentado	nome masculino	des|den|[ta]|do
desdentado	adjetivo	des|den|[ta]|do
desdentar	verbo	des|den|[tar]
desdita	nome feminino	des|[di]|ta
desditado	adjetivo	des|di|[ta]|do
desditosa	nome feminino	des|di|[to]|sa
desditosamente	advérbio	des|di|to|sa|[men]|te
desditoso	adjetivo	des|di|[to]|so
desditoso	nome masculino	des|di|[to]|so
desdizer	verbo	des|di|[zer]
desdobar	verbo	des|do|[bar]
desdobramento	nome masculino	des|do|bra|[men]|to
desdobrar	verbo	des|do|[brar]
desdobrável	adjetivo	des|do|[brá]|vel
desdobrável	nome masculino	des|do|[brá]|vel
desdobre	nome masculino	des|[do]|bre
desdobro	nome masculino	des|[do]|bro
desdoirar	verbo	des|doi|[rar]
desdoiro	nome masculino	des|[doi]|ro
desdouramento	nome masculino	des|dou|ra|[men]|to
desdourar	verbo	des|dou|[rar]
desdouro	nome masculino	des|[dou]|ro
desdoutrinação	nome feminino	des|dou|tri|na|[ção]
desdoutrinar	verbo	des|dou|tri|[nar]
desdramatização	nome feminino	des|dra|ma|ti|za|[ção]
desdramatizar	verbo	des|dra|ma|ti|[zar]
deseclipsar	verbo	de|se|clip|[sar]
deseconomia	nome feminino	de|se|co|no|[mi]|a
desedificação	nome feminino	de|se|di|fi|ca|[ção]
desedificador	adjetivo	de|se|di|fi|ca|[dor]
desedificador	nome masculino	de|se|di|fi|ca|[dor]
desedificante	adjetivo	de|se|di|fi|[can]|te
desedificar	verbo	de|se|di|fi|[car]
desedificativo	adjetivo	de|se|di|fi|ca|[ti]|vo
deseducação	nome feminino	de|se|du|ca|[ção]
deseducador	adjetivo	de|se|du|ca|[dor]
deseducador	nome masculino	de|se|du|ca|[dor]
deseducar	verbo	de|se|du|[car]
deseducativo	adjetivo	de|se|du|ca|[ti]|vo
deseivar	verbo	de|sei|[var]
