desembridar	verbo	de|sem|bri|[dar]
desembrulhamento	nome masculino	de|sem|bru|lha|[men]|to
desembrulhar	verbo	de|sem|bru|[lhar]
desembrulho	nome masculino	de|sem|[bru]|lho
desembrumar	verbo	de|sem|bru|[mar]
desembruscar	verbo	de|sem|brus|[car]
desembrutecer	verbo	de|sem|bru|te|[cer]
desembrutecimento	nome masculino	de|sem|bru|te|ci|[men]|to
desembruxar	verbo	de|sem|bru|[xar]
desembuçadamente	advérbio	de|sem|bu|ça|da|[men]|te
desembuçar	verbo	de|sem|bu|[çar]
desembuchar	verbo	de|sem|bu|[char]
desembuço	nome masculino	de|sem|[bu]|ço
desemburradela	nome feminino	de|sem|bur|ra|[de]|la
desemburrado	adjetivo	de|sem|bur|[ra]|do
desemburramento	nome masculino	de|sem|bur|ra|[men]|to
desemburrar	verbo	de|sem|bur|[rar]
desembutir	verbo	de|sem|bu|[tir]
desemedar	verbo	de|se|me|[dar]
desemmastear	verbo	de|sem|mas|te|[ar]
desemoçar	verbo	de|se|mo|[çar]
desemoinhar	verbo	de|se|mo|i|[nhar]
desemoldurar	verbo	de|se|mol|du|[rar]
desempacar	verbo	de|sem|pa|[car]
desempachar	verbo	de|sem|pa|[char]
desempacho	nome masculino	de|sem|[pa]|cho
desempacotamento	nome masculino	de|sem|pa|co|ta|[men]|to
desempacotar	verbo	de|sem|pa|co|[tar]
desempalar	verbo	de|sem|pa|[lar]
desempalhar	verbo	de|sem|pa|[lhar]
desempalmar	verbo	de|sem|pal|[mar]
desempanado	adjetivo	de|sem|pa|[na]|do
desempanagem	nome feminino	de|sem|pa|[na]|gem
desempanar	verbo	de|sem|pa|[nar]
desempandeirar	verbo	de|sem|pan|dei|[rar]
desempanturrar	verbo	de|sem|pan|tur|[rar]
desempapar	verbo	de|sem|pa|[par]
desempapelamento	nome masculino	de|sem|pa|pe|la|[men]|to
desempapelar	verbo	de|sem|pa|pe|[lar]
desempar	verbo	de|sem|[par]
desemparar	verbo	de|sem|pa|[rar]
desemparceiramento	nome masculino	de|sem|par|cei|ra|[men]|to
desemparceirar	verbo	de|sem|par|cei|[rar]
desemparedamento	nome masculino	de|sem|pa|re|da|[men]|to
desemparedar	verbo	de|sem|pa|re|[dar]
desemparelhamento	nome masculino	de|sem|pa|re|lha|[men]|to
desemparelhar	verbo	de|sem|pa|re|[lhar]
desemparo	nome masculino	de|sem|[pa]|ro
desempastamento	nome masculino	de|sem|pas|ta|[men]|to
desempastar	verbo	de|sem|pas|[tar]
desempastelamento	nome masculino	de|sem|pas|te|la|[men]|to
desempastelar	verbo	de|sem|pas|te|[lar]
desempatador	adjetivo	de|sem|pa|ta|[dor]
desempatador	nome masculino	de|sem|pa|ta|[dor]
desempatar	verbo	de|sem|pa|[tar]
desempate	nome masculino	de|sem|[pa]|te
desempavesar	verbo	de|sem|pa|ve|[sar]
desempeçar	verbo	de|sem|pe|[çar]
desempecer	verbo	de|sem|pe|[cer]
desempecilhar	verbo	de|sem|pe|ci|[lhar]
desempeço	nome masculino	de|sem|[pe]|ço
desempeçonhar	verbo	de|sem|pe|ço|[nhar]
desempedernir	verbo	de|sem|pe|der|[nir]
desempedrador	adjetivo	de|sem|pe|dra|[dor]
desempedrador	nome masculino	de|sem|pe|dra|[dor]
desempedramento	nome masculino	de|sem|pe|dra|[men]|to
desempedrar	verbo	de|sem|pe|[drar]
desempegar	verbo	de|sem|pe|[gar]
desempego	nome masculino	de|sem|[pe]|go
desempenadamente	advérbio	de|sem|pe|na|da|[men]|te
desempenadeira	nome feminino	de|sem|pe|na|[dei]|ra
desempenado	adjetivo	de|sem|pe|[na]|do
desempenamento	nome masculino	de|sem|pe|na|[men]|to
desempenar	verbo	de|sem|pe|[nar]
desempenhabilidade	nome feminino	de|sem|pe|nha|bi|li|[da]|de
desempenhado	adjetivo	de|sem|pe|[nha]|do
desempenhar	verbo	de|sem|pe|[nhar]
desempenhável	adjetivo	de|sem|pe|[nhá]|vel
desempenho	nome masculino	de|sem|[pe]|nho
desempeno	nome masculino	de|sem|[pe]|no
desempernar	verbo	de|sem|per|[nar]
desemperramento	nome masculino	de|sem|per|ra|[men]|to
desemperrar	verbo	de|sem|per|[rar]
desemperro	nome masculino	de|sem|[per]|ro
desempertigamento	nome masculino	de|sem|per|ti|ga|[men]|to
desempertigar	verbo	de|sem|per|ti|[gar]
desempestar	verbo	de|sem|pes|[tar]
desempilhamento	nome masculino	de|sem|pi|lha|[men]|to
desempilhar	verbo	de|sem|pi|[lhar]
desempinar	verbo	de|sem|pi|[nar]
desemplastrar	verbo	de|sem|plas|[trar]
desemplastro	nome masculino	de|sem|[plas]|tro
desemplumar	verbo	de|sem|plu|[mar]
desemplumável	adjetivo	de|sem|plu|[má]|vel
desempoado	adjetivo	de|sem|po|[a]|do
desempoamento	nome masculino	de|sem|po|a|[men]|to
desempoar	verbo	de|sem|po|[ar]
desempobrecer	verbo	de|sem|po|bre|[cer]
desempoçamento	nome masculino	de|sem|po|ça|[men]|to
desempoçar	verbo	de|sem|po|[çar]
