desempoeiradamente	advérbio	de|sem|po|ei|ra|da|[men]|te
desempoeirado	adjetivo	de|sem|po|ei|[ra]|do
desempoeiramento	nome masculino	de|sem|po|ei|ra|[men]|to
desempoeirar	verbo	de|sem|po|ei|[rar]
desempoladeira	nome feminino	de|sem|po|la|[dei]|ra
desempolamento	nome masculino	de|sem|po|la|[men]|to
desempolar	verbo	de|sem|po|[lar]
desempoleirar	verbo	de|sem|po|lei|[rar]
desempolgadura	nome feminino	de|sem|pol|ga|[du]|ra
desempolgamento	nome masculino	de|sem|pol|ga|[men]|to
desempolgar	verbo	de|sem|pol|[gar]
desempolhar	verbo	de|sem|po|[lhar]
desempossar	verbo	de|sem|pos|[sar]
desempregada	nome feminino	de|sem|pre|[ga]|da
desempregado	nome masculino	de|sem|pre|[ga]|do
desempregado	adjetivo	de|sem|pre|[ga]|do
desempregar	verbo	de|sem|pre|[gar]
desemprego	nome masculino	de|sem|[pre]|go
desemprenhar	verbo	de|sem|pre|[nhar]
desemproar	verbo	de|sem|pro|[ar]
desempunhar	verbo	de|sem|pu|[nhar]
desemudecer	verbo	de|se|mu|de|[cer]
desemudecimento	nome masculino	de|se|mu|de|ci|[men]|to
desemulsificação	nome feminino	de|se|mul|si|fi|ca|[ção]
desemulsificar	verbo	de|se|mul|si|fi|[car]
desenamorar	verbo	de|se|na|mo|[rar]
desenastrar	verbo	de|se|nas|[trar]
desenatar	verbo	de|se|na|[tar]
desencabar	verbo	de|sen|ca|[bar]
desencabeçar	verbo	de|sen|ca|be|[çar]
desencabelar	verbo	de|sen|ca|be|[lar]
desencabrestadamente	advérbio	de|sen|ca|bres|ta|da|[men]|te
desencabrestado	adjetivo	de|sen|ca|bres|[ta]|do
desencabrestar	verbo	de|sen|ca|bres|[tar]
desencabritar	verbo	de|sen|ca|bri|[tar]
desencachar	verbo	de|sen|ca|[char]
desencadeamento	nome masculino	de|sen|ca|de|a|[men]|to
desencadear	verbo	de|sen|ca|de|[ar]
desencadernação	nome feminino	de|sen|ca|der|na|[ção]
desencadernadamente	advérbio	de|sen|ca|der|na|da|[men]|te
desencadernado	adjetivo	de|sen|ca|der|[na]|do
desencadernar	verbo	de|sen|ca|der|[nar]
desencaiporar	verbo	de|sen|cai|po|[rar]
desencaixadura	nome feminino	de|sen|cai|xa|[du]|ra
desencaixamento	nome masculino	de|sen|cai|xa|[men]|to
desencaixar	verbo	de|sen|cai|[xar]
desencaixe	nome masculino	de|sen|[cai]|xe
desencaixilhação	nome feminino	de|sen|cai|xi|lha|[ção]
desencaixilhar	verbo	de|sen|cai|xi|[lhar]
desencaixotamento	nome masculino	de|sen|cai|xo|ta|[men]|to
desencaixotar	verbo	de|sen|cai|xo|[tar]
desencalacração	nome feminino	de|sen|ca|la|cra|[ção]
desencalacrar	verbo	de|sen|ca|la|[crar]
desencalhar	verbo	de|sen|ca|[lhar]
desencalhe	nome masculino	de|sen|[ca]|lhe
desencalmar	verbo	de|sen|cal|[mar]
desencambar	verbo	de|sen|cam|[bar]
desencaminhado	adjetivo	de|sen|ca|mi|[nha]|do
desencaminhador	adjetivo	de|sen|ca|mi|nha|[dor]
desencaminhador	nome masculino	de|sen|ca|mi|nha|[dor]
desencaminhadora	nome feminino	de|sen|ca|mi|nha|[do]|ra
desencaminhamento	nome masculino	de|sen|ca|mi|nha|[men]|to
desencaminhar	verbo	de|sen|ca|mi|[nhar]
desencamisar	verbo	de|sen|ca|mi|[sar]
desencampar	verbo	de|sen|cam|[par]
desencanar	verbo	de|sen|ca|[nar]
desencanastrar	verbo	de|sen|ca|nas|[trar]
desencandador	adjetivo	de|sen|can|da|[dor]
desencangalhar	verbo	de|sen|can|ga|[lhar]
desencangar	verbo	de|sen|can|[gar]
desencantação	nome feminino	de|sen|can|ta|[ção]
desencantado	adjetivo	de|sen|can|[ta]|do
desencantador	nome masculino	de|sen|can|ta|[dor]
desencantadora	nome feminino	de|sen|can|ta|[do]|ra
desencantadoramente	advérbio	de|sen|can|ta|do|ra|[men]|te
desencantamento	nome masculino	de|sen|can|ta|[men]|to
desencantar	verbo	de|sen|can|[tar]
desencantável	adjetivo	de|sen|can|[tá]|vel
desencanto	nome masculino	de|sen|[can]|to
desencantoar	verbo	de|sen|can|to|[ar]
desencanudar	verbo	de|sen|ca|nu|[dar]
desencapar	verbo	de|sen|ca|[par]
desencapelar	verbo	de|sen|ca|pe|[lar]
desencapoeirar	verbo	de|sen|ca|po|ei|[rar]
desencapotar	verbo	de|sen|ca|po|[tar]
desencaracolar	verbo	de|sen|ca|ra|co|[lar]
desencarapelar	verbo	de|sen|ca|ra|pe|[lar]
desencarapinhar	verbo	de|sen|ca|ra|pi|[nhar]
desencarapuçar	verbo	de|sen|ca|ra|pu|[çar]
desencarceramento	nome masculino	de|sen|car|ce|ra|[men]|to
desencarcerar	verbo	de|sen|car|ce|[rar]
desencardideira	nome feminino	de|sen|car|di|[dei]|ra
desencardido	adjetivo	de|sen|car|[di]|do
desencardimento	nome masculino	de|sen|car|di|[men]|to
desencardir	verbo	de|sen|car|[dir]
desencarecer	verbo	de|sen|ca|re|[cer]
desencargo	nome masculino	de|sen|[car]|go
desencarnação	nome feminino	de|sen|car|na|[ção]
desencarnar	verbo	de|sen|car|[nar]
desencarquilhar	verbo	de|sen|car|qui|[lhar]
