desencarrancar	verbo	de|sen|car|ran|[car]
desencarrapitar	verbo	de|sen|car|ra|pi|[tar]
desencarrar	verbo	de|sen|car|[rar]
desencarregamento	nome masculino	de|sen|car|re|ga|[men]|to
desencarregar	verbo	de|sen|car|re|[gar]
desencarreirar	verbo	de|sen|car|rei|[rar]
desencarretar	verbo	de|sen|car|re|[tar]
desencarrilar	verbo	de|sen|car|ri|[lar]
desencarrilhamento	nome masculino	de|sen|car|ri|lha|[men]|to
desencarrilhar	verbo	de|sen|car|ri|[lhar]
desencartar	verbo	de|sen|car|[tar]
desencasacar	verbo	de|sen|ca|sa|[car]
desencasar	verbo	de|sen|ca|[sar]
desencascado	adjetivo	de|sen|cas|[ca]|do
desencascar	verbo	de|sen|cas|[car]
desencasquetar	verbo	de|sen|cas|que|[tar]
desencastelador	nome masculino	de|sen|cas|te|la|[dor]
desencastelar	verbo	de|sen|cas|te|[lar]
desencastoar	verbo	de|sen|cas|to|[ar]
desencatarrar	verbo	de|sen|ca|tar|[rar]
desencatarroar	verbo	de|sen|ca|tar|ro|[ar]
desencavacar	verbo	de|sen|ca|va|[car]
desencavalgar	verbo	de|sen|ca|val|[gar]
desencavar	verbo	de|sen|ca|[var]
desencavernar	verbo	de|sen|ca|ver|[nar]
desencavilhação	nome feminino	de|sen|ca|vi|lha|[ção]
desencavilhar	verbo	de|sen|ca|vi|[lhar]
desencepar	verbo	de|sen|ce|[par]
desencerar	verbo	de|sen|ce|[rar]
desencerramento	nome masculino	de|sen|cer|ra|[men]|to
desencerrar	verbo	de|sen|cer|[rar]
desencharcar	verbo	de|sen|char|[car]
desenchavetadeira	nome feminino	de|sen|cha|ve|ta|[dei]|ra
desenchavetar	verbo	de|sen|cha|ve|[tar]
desencher	verbo	de|sen|[cher]
desencilhar	verbo	de|sen|ci|[lhar]
desenclaustrar	verbo	de|sen|claus|[trar]
desenclavinhação	nome feminino	de|sen|cla|vi|nha|[ção]
desenclavinhar	verbo	de|sen|cla|vi|[nhar]
desencobrimento	nome masculino	de|sen|co|bri|[men]|to
desencobrir	verbo	de|sen|co|[brir]
desencodear	verbo	de|sen|co|de|[ar]
desencofrar	verbo	de|sen|co|[frar]
desencoifar	verbo	de|sen|coi|[far]
desencoirar	verbo	de|sen|coi|[rar]
desencoivarar	verbo	de|sen|coi|va|[rar]
desencolamento	nome masculino	de|sen|co|la|[men]|to
desencolar	verbo	de|sen|co|[lar]
desencolerização	nome feminino	de|sen|co|le|ri|za|[ção]
desencolerizar	verbo	de|sen|co|le|ri|[zar]
desencolher	verbo	de|sen|co|[lher]
desencolhimento	nome masculino	de|sen|co|lhi|[men]|to
desencomendar	verbo	de|sen|co|men|[dar]
desenconchar	verbo	de|sen|con|[char]
desencontradamente	advérbio	de|sen|con|tra|da|[men]|te
desencontrado	adjetivo	de|sen|con|[tra]|do
desencontrar	verbo	de|sen|con|[trar]
desencontro	nome masculino	de|sen|[con]|tro
desencorajadamente	advérbio	de|sen|co|ra|ja|da|[men]|te
desencorajado	adjetivo	de|sen|co|ra|[ja]|do
desencorajado	nome masculino	de|sen|co|ra|[ja]|do
desencorajador	adjetivo	de|sen|co|ra|ja|[dor]
desencorajador	nome masculino	de|sen|co|ra|ja|[dor]
desencorajamento	nome masculino	de|sen|co|ra|ja|[men]|to
desencorajante	adjetivo	de|sen|co|ra|[jan]|te
desencorajar	verbo	de|sen|co|ra|[jar]
desencordoar	verbo	de|sen|cor|do|[ar]
desencorpar	verbo	de|sen|cor|[par]
desencorrear	verbo	de|sen|cor|re|[ar]
desencortiçar	verbo	de|sen|cor|ti|[çar]
desencoscorar	verbo	de|sen|cos|co|[rar]
desencostar	verbo	de|sen|cos|[tar]
desencourar	verbo	de|sen|cou|[rar]
desencovar	verbo	de|sen|co|[var]
desencovilar	verbo	de|sen|co|vi|[lar]
desencravamento	nome masculino	de|sen|cra|va|[men]|to
desencravar	verbo	de|sen|cra|[var]
desencravelhar	verbo	de|sen|cra|ve|[lhar]
desencravilhar	verbo	de|sen|cra|vi|[lhar]
desencrencar	verbo	de|sen|cren|[car]
desencrespar	verbo	de|sen|cres|[par]
desencrostar	verbo	de|sen|cros|[tar]
desencruar	verbo	de|sen|cru|[ar]
desencruzar	verbo	de|sen|cru|[zar]
desencubagem	nome feminino	de|sen|cu|[ba]|gem
desencubar	verbo	de|sen|cu|[bar]
desenculatrar	verbo	de|sen|cu|la|[trar]
desencurralamento	nome masculino	de|sen|cur|ra|la|[men]|to
desencurralar	verbo	de|sen|cur|ra|[lar]
desencurvamento	nome masculino	de|sen|cur|va|[men]|to
desencurvar	verbo	de|sen|cur|[var]
desendemoninhar	verbo	de|sen|de|mo|ni|[nhar]
desendeusamento	nome masculino	de|sen|deu|sa|[men]|to
desendeusar	verbo	de|sen|deu|[sar]
desendividamento	nome masculino	de|sen|di|vi|da|[men]|to
desendividar	verbo	de|sen|di|vi|[dar]
desenegrecer	verbo	de|se|ne|gre|[cer]
desenervação	nome feminino	de|se|ner|va|[ção]
desenervar	verbo	de|se|ner|[var]
desenevoamento	nome masculino	de|se|ne|vo|a|[men]|to
