desenevoar	verbo	de|se|ne|vo|[ar]
desenfadadiço	adjetivo	de|sen|fa|da|[di]|ço
desenfadamento	nome masculino	de|sen|fa|da|[men]|to
desenfadar	verbo	de|sen|fa|[dar]
desenfado	nome masculino	de|sen|[fa]|do
desenfaixar	verbo	de|sen|fai|[xar]
desenfardamento	nome masculino	de|sen|far|da|[men]|to
desenfardar	verbo	de|sen|far|[dar]
desenfardelar	verbo	de|sen|far|de|[lar]
desenfardo	nome masculino	de|sen|[far]|do
desenfarpelar	verbo	de|sen|far|pe|[lar]
desenfarruscar	verbo	de|sen|far|rus|[car]
desenfartar	verbo	de|sen|far|[tar]
desenfastiadamente	advérbio	de|sen|fas|ti|a|da|[men]|te
desenfastiadiço	adjetivo	de|sen|fas|ti|a|[di]|ço
desenfastiador	adjetivo	de|sen|fas|ti|a|[dor]
desenfastiar	verbo	de|sen|fas|ti|[ar]
desenfastioso	adjetivo	de|sen|fas|ti|[o]|so
desenfeitar	verbo	de|sen|fei|[tar]
desenfeite	nome masculino	de|sen|[fei]|te
desenfeitiçamento	nome masculino	de|sen|fei|ti|ça|[men]|to
desenfeitiçar	verbo	de|sen|fei|ti|[çar]
desenfeixar	verbo	de|sen|fei|[xar]
desenfermar	verbo	de|sen|fer|[mar]
desenferrujado	adjetivo	de|sen|fer|ru|[ja]|do
desenferrujar	verbo	de|sen|fer|ru|[jar]
desenfestado	adjetivo	de|sen|fes|[ta]|do
desenfestar	verbo	de|sen|fes|[tar]
desenfeudação	nome feminino	de|sen|feu|da|[ção]
desenfeudar	verbo	de|sen|feu|[dar]
desenfezar	verbo	de|sen|fe|[zar]
desenfiamento	nome masculino	de|sen|fi|a|[men]|to
desenfiar	verbo	de|sen|fi|[ar]
desenfileirar	verbo	de|sen|fi|lei|[rar]
desenflorar	verbo	de|sen|flo|[rar]
desenforcar	verbo	de|sen|for|[car]
desenforjar	verbo	de|sen|for|[jar]
desenformação	nome feminino	de|sen|for|ma|[ção]
desenformado	adjetivo	de|sen|for|[ma]|do
desenformar	verbo	de|sen|for|[mar]
desenfornagem	nome feminino	de|sen|for|[na]|gem
desenfornamento	nome masculino	de|sen|for|na|[men]|to
desenfornar	verbo	de|sen|for|[nar]
desenfrascar	verbo	de|sen|fras|[car]
desenfreadamente	advérbio	de|sen|fre|a|da|[men]|te
desenfreado	adjetivo	de|sen|fre|[a]|do
desenfreamento	nome masculino	de|sen|fre|a|[men]|to
desenfrear	verbo	de|sen|fre|[ar]
desenfrechar	verbo	de|sen|fre|[char]
desenfreio	nome masculino	de|sen|[frei]|o
desenfronhar	verbo	de|sen|fro|[nhar]
desenfueirar	verbo	de|sen|fu|ei|[rar]
desenfunação	nome feminino	de|sen|fu|na|[ção]
desenfunar	verbo	de|sen|fu|[nar]
desenfurecer	verbo	de|sen|fu|re|[cer]
desenfurnar	verbo	de|sen|fur|[nar]
desenfuscar	verbo	de|sen|fus|[car]
desengaçadeira	nome feminino	de|sen|ga|ça|[dei]|ra
desengaçador	nome masculino	de|sen|ga|ça|[dor]
desengaçar	verbo	de|sen|ga|[çar]
desengace	nome masculino	de|sen|[ga]|ce
desengaço	nome masculino	de|sen|[ga]|ço
desengaiolar	verbo	de|sen|gai|o|[lar]
desengajar	verbo	de|sen|ga|[jar]
desengalfinhar	verbo	de|sen|gal|fi|[nhar]
desenganadamente	advérbio	de|sen|ga|na|da|[men]|te
desenganado	adjetivo	de|sen|ga|[na]|do
desenganador	adjetivo	de|sen|ga|na|[dor]
desenganador	nome masculino	de|sen|ga|na|[dor]
desenganadora	nome feminino	de|sen|ga|na|[do]|ra
desenganar	verbo	de|sen|ga|[nar]
desenganchar	verbo	de|sen|gan|[char]
desengano	nome masculino	de|sen|[ga]|no
desengarrafamento	nome masculino	de|sen|gar|ra|fa|[men]|to
desengarrafar	verbo	de|sen|gar|ra|[far]
desengasgar	verbo	de|sen|gas|[gar]
desengasgue	nome masculino	de|sen|[gas]|gue
desengastalhar	verbo	de|sen|gas|ta|[lhar]
desengastar	verbo	de|sen|gas|[tar]
desengatar	verbo	de|sen|ga|[tar]
desengate	nome masculino	de|sen|[ga]|te
desengatilhamento	nome masculino	de|sen|ga|ti|lha|[men]|to
desengatilhar	verbo	de|sen|ga|ti|[lhar]
desengavetamento	nome masculino	de|sen|ga|ve|ta|[men]|to
desengavetar	verbo	de|sen|ga|ve|[tar]
desengelhar	verbo	de|sen|ge|[lhar]
desengenhosamente	advérbio	de|sen|ge|nho|sa|[men]|te
desengenhoso	adjetivo	de|sen|ge|[nho]|so
desenglobar	verbo	de|sen|glo|[bar]
desengodar	verbo	de|sen|go|[dar]
desengolfar	verbo	de|sen|gol|[far]
desengolir	verbo	de|sen|go|[lir]
desengomar	verbo	de|sen|go|[mar]
desengonçadamente	advérbio	de|sen|gon|ça|da|[men]|te
desengonçado	adjetivo	de|sen|gon|[ça]|do
desengonçador	adjetivo	de|sen|gon|ça|[dor]
desengonçar	verbo	de|sen|gon|[çar]
desengonço	nome masculino	de|sen|[gon]|ço
desengordamento	nome masculino	de|sen|gor|da|[men]|to
desengordar	verbo	de|sen|gor|[dar]
