desenristar	verbo	de|sen|ris|[tar]
desenrizar	verbo	de|sen|ri|[zar]
desenrodilhar	verbo	de|sen|ro|di|[lhar]
desenrolador	adjetivo	de|sen|ro|la|[dor]
desenrolador	nome masculino	de|sen|ro|la|[dor]
desenrolamento	nome masculino	de|sen|ro|la|[men]|to
desenrolar	verbo	de|sen|ro|[lar]
desenrolável	adjetivo	de|sen|ro|[lá]|vel
desenrolhar	verbo	de|sen|ro|[lhar]
desenrolo	nome masculino	de|sen|[ro]|lo
desenroscar	verbo	de|sen|ros|[car]
desenroupar	verbo	de|sen|rou|[par]
desenrouquecer	verbo	de|sen|rou|que|[cer]
desenrubescer	verbo	de|sen|ru|bes|[cer]
desenrugar	verbo	de|sen|ru|[gar]
desensaboar	verbo	de|sen|sa|bo|[ar]
desensaburrar	verbo	de|sen|sa|bur|[rar]
desensacamento	nome masculino	de|sen|sa|ca|[men]|to
desensacar	verbo	de|sen|sa|[car]
desensandecer	verbo	de|sen|san|de|[cer]
desensanguentar	verbo	de|sen|san|guen|[tar]
desensarado	nome masculino	de|sen|sa|[ra]|do
desensarilhar	verbo	de|sen|sa|ri|[lhar]
desensartar	verbo	de|sen|sar|[tar]
desensebar	verbo	de|sen|se|[bar]
desensilar	verbo	de|sen|si|[lar]
desensinador	adjetivo	de|sen|si|na|[dor]
desensinador	nome masculino	de|sen|si|na|[dor]
desensinar	verbo	de|sen|si|[nar]
desensino	nome masculino	de|sen|[si]|no
desensoberbecer	verbo	de|sen|so|ber|be|[cer]
desensoberbecimento	nome masculino	de|sen|so|ber|be|ci|[men]|to
desensombrar	verbo	de|sen|som|[brar]
desensopar	verbo	de|sen|so|[par]
desensurdecer	verbo	de|sen|sur|de|[cer]
desensurdecimento	nome masculino	de|sen|sur|de|ci|[men]|to
desensurrar	verbo	de|sen|sur|[rar]
desentabuar	verbo	de|sen|ta|bu|[ar]
desentabular	verbo	de|sen|ta|bu|[lar]
desentaipar	verbo	de|sen|tai|[par]
desentalação	nome feminino	de|sen|ta|la|[ção]
desentalar	verbo	de|sen|ta|[lar]
desentaliscar	verbo	de|sen|ta|lis|[car]
desentaramelar	verbo	de|sen|ta|ra|me|[lar]
desentarraxar	verbo	de|sen|tar|ra|[xar]
desentediar	verbo	de|sen|te|di|[ar]
desentender	verbo	de|sen|ten|[der]
desentendidamente	advérbio	de|sen|ten|di|da|[men]|te
desentendido	adjetivo	de|sen|ten|[di]|do
desentendido	nome masculino	de|sen|ten|[di]|do
desentendimento	nome masculino	de|sen|ten|di|[men]|to
desentenebrecer	verbo	de|sen|te|ne|bre|[cer]
desenternecer	verbo	de|sen|ter|ne|[cer]
desenterrada	nome feminino	de|sen|ter|[ra]|da
desenterrado	adjetivo	de|sen|ter|[ra]|do
desenterrado	nome masculino	de|sen|ter|[ra]|do
desenterrador	adjetivo	de|sen|ter|ra|[dor]
desenterrador	nome masculino	de|sen|ter|ra|[dor]
desenterramento	nome masculino	de|sen|ter|ra|[men]|to
desenterrar	verbo	de|sen|ter|[rar]
desenterrável	adjetivo	de|sen|ter|[rá]|vel
desenterro	nome masculino	de|sen|[ter]|ro
desenterroar	verbo	de|sen|ter|ro|[ar]
desentesar	verbo	de|sen|te|[sar]
desentesoirar	verbo	de|sen|te|soi|[rar]
desentesourador	adjetivo	de|sen|te|sou|ra|[dor]
desentesourador	nome masculino	de|sen|te|sou|ra|[dor]
desentesourar	verbo	de|sen|te|sou|[rar]
desentibiar	verbo	de|sen|ti|bi|[ar]
desentoação	nome feminino	de|sen|to|a|[ção]
desentoadamente	advérbio	de|sen|to|a|da|[men]|te
desentoado	adjetivo	de|sen|to|[a]|do
desentoamento	nome masculino	de|sen|to|a|[men]|to
desentoar	verbo	de|sen|to|[ar]
desentocar	verbo	de|sen|to|[car]
desentolher	verbo	de|sen|to|[lher]
desentonar	verbo	de|sen|to|[nar]
desentorpecer	verbo	de|sen|tor|pe|[cer]
desentorpecido	adjetivo	de|sen|tor|pe|[ci]|do
desentorpecimento	nome masculino	de|sen|tor|pe|ci|[men]|to
desentortar	verbo	de|sen|tor|[tar]
desentralhar	verbo	de|sen|tra|[lhar]
desentrançar	verbo	de|sen|tran|[çar]
desentranhamento	nome masculino	de|sen|tra|nha|[men]|to
desentranhar	verbo	de|sen|tra|[nhar]
desentrapar	verbo	de|sen|tra|[par]
desentravar	verbo	de|sen|tra|[var]
desentrecho	nome masculino	de|sen|[tre]|cho
desentrelaçar	verbo	de|sen|tre|la|[çar]
desentrelinhado	adjetivo	de|sen|tre|li|[nha]|do
desentrelinhar	verbo	de|sen|tre|li|[nhar]
desentressolhar	verbo	de|sen|tres|so|[lhar]
desentrevar	verbo	de|sen|tre|[var]
desentrincheirar	verbo	de|sen|trin|chei|[rar]
desentristecer	verbo	de|sen|tris|te|[cer]
desentroixar	verbo	de|sen|troi|[xar]
desentronização	nome feminino	de|sen|tro|ni|za|[ção]
desentronizar	verbo	de|sen|tro|ni|[zar]
desentronizável	adjetivo	de|sen|tro|ni|[zá]|vel
desentrouxar	verbo	de|sen|trou|[xar]
