desentulhador	adjetivo	de|sen|tu|lha|[dor]
desentulhador	nome masculino	de|sen|tu|lha|[dor]
desentulhamento	nome masculino	de|sen|tu|lha|[men]|to
desentulhar	verbo	de|sen|tu|[lhar]
desentulho	nome masculino	de|sen|[tu]|lho
desentumecer	verbo	de|sen|tu|me|[cer]
desentupido	adjetivo	de|sen|tu|[pi]|do
desentupidor	adjetivo	de|sen|tu|pi|[dor]
desentupidor	nome masculino	de|sen|tu|pi|[dor]
desentupimento	nome masculino	de|sen|tu|pi|[men]|to
desentupir	verbo	de|sen|tu|[pir]
desenturvar	verbo	de|sen|tur|[var]
desenublar	verbo	de|se|nu|[blar]
desenvasar	verbo	de|sen|va|[sar]
desenvasilhar	verbo	de|sen|va|si|[lhar]
desenvencilhar	verbo	de|sen|ven|ci|[lhar]
desenvenenar	verbo	de|sen|ve|ne|[nar]
desenveredar	verbo	de|sen|ve|re|[dar]
desenvergar	verbo	de|sen|ver|[gar]
desenvergonhada	nome feminino	de|sen|ver|go|[nha]|da
desenvergonhado	adjetivo	de|sen|ver|go|[nha]|do
desenvergonhado	nome masculino	de|sen|ver|go|[nha]|do
desenvergonhamento	nome masculino	de|sen|ver|go|nha|[men]|to
desenvernizar	verbo	de|sen|ver|ni|[zar]
desenviesar	verbo	de|sen|vi|e|[sar]
desenviolar	verbo	de|sen|vi|o|[lar]
desenviscar	verbo	de|sen|vis|[car]
desenvoltamente	advérbio	de|sen|vol|ta|[men]|te
desenvolto	adjetivo	de|sen|[vol]|to
desenvoltura	nome feminino	de|sen|vol|[tu]|ra
desenvolução	nome feminino	de|sen|vo|lu|[ção]
desenvolvente	adjetivo	de|sen|vol|[ven]|te
desenvolver	verbo	de|sen|vol|[ver]
desenvolvida	nome feminino	de|sen|vol|[vi]|da
desenvolvidamente	advérbio	de|sen|vol|vi|da|[men]|te
desenvolvido	adjetivo	de|sen|vol|[vi]|do
desenvolvimentismo	nome masculino	de|sen|vol|vi|men|[tis]|mo
desenvolvimentista	nome masculino	de|sen|vol|vi|men|[tis]|ta
desenvolvimentista	adjetivo	de|sen|vol|vi|men|[tis]|ta
desenvolvimentista	nome feminino	de|sen|vol|vi|men|[tis]|ta
desenvolvimentístico	adjetivo	de|sen|vol|vi|men|[tís]|ti|co
desenvolvimento	nome masculino	de|sen|vol|vi|[men]|to
desenvolvível	adjetivo	de|sen|vol|[ví]|vel
desenxabidamente	advérbio	de|sen|xa|bi|da|[men]|te
desenxabidez	nome feminino	de|sen|xa|bi|[dez]
desenxabido	adjetivo	de|sen|xa|[bi]|do
desenxabimento	nome masculino	de|sen|xa|bi|[men]|to
desenxabir	verbo	de|sen|xa|[bir]
desenxamear	verbo	de|sen|xa|me|[ar]
desenxarciar	verbo	de|sen|xar|ci|[ar]
desenxoframento	nome masculino	de|sen|xo|fra|[men]|to
desenxofrar	verbo	de|sen|xo|[frar]
desenxovalhadamente	advérbio	de|sen|xo|va|lha|da|[men]|te
desenxovalhado	adjetivo	de|sen|xo|va|[lha]|do
desenxovalhar	verbo	de|sen|xo|va|[lhar]
desenxovalho	nome masculino	de|sen|xo|[va]|lho
desenxovar	verbo	de|sen|xo|[var]
desequilibradamente	advérbio	de|se|qui|li|bra|da|[men]|te
desequilibrado	adjetivo	de|se|qui|li|[bra]|do
desequilibrado	nome masculino	de|se|qui|li|[bra]|do
desequilibrar	verbo	de|se|qui|li|[brar]
desequilibrável	adjetivo	de|se|qui|li|[brá]|vel
desequilíbrio	nome masculino	de|se|qui|[lí]|bri|o
desequipar	verbo	de|se|qui|[par]
desequivocar	verbo	de|se|qui|vo|[car]
deserção	nome feminino	de|ser|[ção]
deserdação	nome feminino	de|ser|da|[ção]
deserdada	nome feminino	de|ser|[da]|da
deserdado	adjetivo	de|ser|[da]|do
deserdado	nome masculino	de|ser|[da]|do
deserdamento	nome masculino	de|ser|da|[men]|to
deserdar	verbo	de|ser|[dar]
deserdável	adjetivo	de|ser|[dá]|vel
desertar	verbo	de|ser|[tar]
desértico	adjetivo	de|[sér]|ti|co
desertícola	adjetivo	de|ser|[tí]|co|la
desertícola	nome masculino	de|ser|[tí]|co|la
desertícola	nome feminino	de|ser|[tí]|co|la
desertificação	nome feminino	de|ser|ti|fi|ca|[ção]
desertificador	adjetivo	de|ser|ti|fi|ca|[dor]
desertificar	verbo	de|ser|ti|fi|[car]
deserto	nome masculino	de|[ser]|to
deserto	adjetivo	de|[ser]|to
desertor	nome masculino	de|ser|[tor]
desertor	adjetivo	de|ser|[tor]
desertora	nome feminino	de|ser|[to]|ra
desespartilhar	verbo	de|ses|par|ti|[lhar]
desesperação	nome feminino	de|ses|pe|ra|[ção]
desesperadamente	advérbio	de|ses|pe|ra|da|[men]|te
desesperado	nome masculino	de|ses|pe|[ra]|do
desesperado	adjetivo	de|ses|pe|[ra]|do
desesperador	adjetivo	de|ses|pe|ra|[dor]
desesperador	nome masculino	de|ses|pe|ra|[dor]
desesperadoramente	advérbio	de|ses|pe|ra|do|ra|[men]|te
desesperança	nome feminino	de|ses|pe|[ran]|ça
desesperançar	verbo	de|ses|pe|ran|[çar]
desesperante	adjetivo	de|ses|pe|[ran]|te
desesperar	verbo	de|ses|pe|[rar]
desesperativamente	advérbio	de|ses|pe|ra|ti|va|[men]|te
desesperativo	adjetivo	de|ses|pe|ra|[ti]|vo
