desfibrador	nome masculino	des|fi|bra|[dor]
desfibrador	adjetivo	des|fi|bra|[dor]
desfibradora	nome feminino	des|fi|bra|[do]|ra
desfibramento	nome masculino	des|fi|bra|[men]|to
desfibrante	adjetivo	des|fi|[bran]|te
desfibrar	verbo	des|fi|[brar]
desfibrável	adjetivo	des|fi|[brá]|vel
desfibrilação	nome feminino	des|fi|bri|la|[ção]
desfibrilador	nome masculino	des|fi|bri|la|[dor]
desfibrilar	verbo	des|fi|bri|[lar]
desfibrilhação	nome feminino	des|fi|bri|lha|[ção]
desfibrilhador	nome masculino	des|fi|bri|lha|[dor]
desfibrilhar	verbo	des|fi|bri|[lhar]
desfibrinação	nome feminino	des|fi|bri|na|[ção]
desfibrinar	verbo	des|fi|bri|[nar]
desfiguração	nome feminino	des|fi|gu|ra|[ção]
desfigurado	adjetivo	des|fi|gu|[ra]|do
desfigurador	adjetivo	des|fi|gu|ra|[dor]
desfigurador	nome masculino	des|fi|gu|ra|[dor]
desfigurar	verbo	des|fi|gu|[rar]
desfigurável	adjetivo	des|fi|gu|[rá]|vel
desfilada	nome feminino	des|fi|[la]|da
desfiladeiro	nome masculino	des|fi|la|[dei]|ro
desfiladora	nome feminino	des|fi|la|[do]|ra
desfilar	verbo	des|fi|[lar]
desfile	nome masculino	des|[fi]|le
desfilhar	verbo	des|fi|[lhar]
desfiliação	nome feminino	des|fi|li|a|[ção]
desfiliar	verbo	des|fi|li|[ar]
desfitar	verbo	des|fi|[tar]
desfivelar	verbo	des|fi|ve|[lar]
desfloculação	nome feminino	des|flo|cu|la|[ção]
desflocular	verbo	des|flo|cu|[lar]
desfloração	nome feminino	des|flo|ra|[ção]
desflorado	adjetivo	des|flo|[ra]|do
desflorador	adjetivo	des|flo|ra|[dor]
desflorador	nome masculino	des|flo|ra|[dor]
desfloradora	nome feminino	des|flo|ra|[do]|ra
desfloramento	nome masculino	des|flo|ra|[men]|to
desflorar	verbo	des|flo|[rar]
desflorável	adjetivo	des|flo|[rá]|vel
desflorescer	verbo	des|flo|res|[cer]
desflorescimento	nome masculino	des|flo|res|ci|[men]|to
desflorestação	nome feminino	des|flo|res|ta|[ção]
desflorestador	adjetivo	des|flo|res|ta|[dor]
desflorestador	nome masculino	des|flo|res|ta|[dor]
desflorestamento	nome masculino	des|flo|res|ta|[men]|to
desflorestar	verbo	des|flo|res|[tar]
desflorido	adjetivo	des|flo|[ri]|do
desflorir	verbo	des|flo|[rir]
desfocado	adjetivo	des|fo|[ca]|do
desfocagem	nome feminino	des|fo|[ca]|gem
desfocar	verbo	des|fo|[car]
desfolha	nome feminino	des|[fo]|lha
desfolhação	nome feminino	des|fo|lha|[ção]
desfolhada	nome feminino	des|fo|[lha]|da
desfolhador	adjetivo	des|fo|lha|[dor]
desfolhador	nome masculino	des|fo|lha|[dor]
desfolhadouro	nome masculino	des|fo|lha|[dou]|ro
desfolhadura	nome feminino	des|fo|lha|[du]|ra
desfolhamento	nome masculino	des|fo|lha|[men]|to
desfolhante	adjetivo	des|fo|[lhan]|te
desfolhar	verbo	des|fo|[lhar]
desfolho	nome masculino	des|[fo]|lho
desfoliação	nome feminino	des|fo|li|a|[ção]
desfoliante	nome masculino	des|fo|li|[an]|te
desforçado	adjetivo	des|for|[ça]|do
desforçador	adjetivo	des|for|ça|[dor]
desforçador	nome masculino	des|for|ça|[dor]
desforçamento	nome masculino	des|for|ça|[men]|to
desforçar	verbo	des|for|[çar]
desforço	nome masculino	des|[for]|ço
desformagem	nome feminino	des|for|[ma]|gem
desformar	verbo	des|for|[mar]
desformosear	verbo	des|for|mo|se|[ar]
desformoso	adjetivo	des|for|[mo]|so
desforra	nome feminino	des|[for]|ra
desforrar	verbo	des|for|[rar]
desforro	nome masculino	des|[for]|ro
desfortalecer	verbo	des|for|ta|le|[cer]
desfortificar	verbo	des|for|ti|fi|[car]
desfortuna	nome feminino	des|for|[tu]|na
desfortúnio	nome masculino	des|for|[tú]|ni|o
desfortunoso	adjetivo	des|for|tu|[no]|so
desfosforação	nome feminino	des|fos|fo|ra|[ção]
desfosforar	verbo	des|fos|fo|[rar]
desfradar	verbo	des|fra|[dar]
desfragmentação	nome feminino	des|frag|men|ta|[ção]
desfragmentar	verbo	des|frag|men|[tar]
desfraldar	verbo	des|fral|[dar]
desfranjar	verbo	des|fran|[jar]
desfranzido	adjetivo	des|fran|[zi]|do
desfranzir	verbo	des|fran|[zir]
desfraternizar	verbo	des|fra|ter|ni|[zar]
desfrear	verbo	des|fre|[ar]
desfrechar	verbo	des|fre|[char]
desfrequentado	adjetivo	des|fre|quen|[ta]|do
desfrequentar	verbo	des|fre|quen|[tar]
desfrisante	adjetivo	des|fri|[san]|te
desfrisar	verbo	des|fri|[sar]
