deslaçamento	nome masculino	des|la|ça|[men]|to
deslaçar	verbo	des|la|[çar]
deslaçável	adjetivo	des|la|[çá]|vel
deslacrar	verbo	des|la|[crar]
desladeiro	nome masculino	des|la|[dei]|ro
deslado	nome masculino	des|[la]|do
desladrilhar	verbo	des|la|dri|[lhar]
desladrilho	nome masculino	des|la|[dri]|lho
desladroamento	nome masculino	des|la|dro|a|[men]|to
deslajeamento	nome masculino	des|la|je|a|[men]|to
deslajear	verbo	des|la|je|[ar]
deslanar	verbo	des|la|[nar]
deslapar	verbo	des|la|[par]
deslapidado	adjetivo	des|la|pi|[da]|do
deslapidar	verbo	des|la|pi|[dar]
deslarado	adjetivo	des|la|[ra]|do
deslassar	verbo	des|las|[sar]
deslastrador	adjetivo	des|las|tra|[dor]
deslastrador	nome masculino	des|las|tra|[dor]
deslastrar	verbo	des|las|[trar]
deslastre	nome masculino	des|[las]|tre
deslastro	nome masculino	des|[las]|tro
deslaudativo	adjetivo	des|lau|da|[ti]|vo
deslaurear	verbo	des|lau|re|[ar]
deslavado	adjetivo	des|la|[va]|do
deslavamento	nome masculino	des|la|va|[men]|to
deslavar	verbo	des|la|[var]
deslavra	nome feminino	des|[la]|vra
deslavrar	verbo	des|la|[vrar]
deslavre	nome masculino	des|[la]|vre
desleal	adjetivo	des|le|[al]
deslealdade	nome feminino	des|le|al|[da]|de
deslealdar	verbo	des|le|al|[dar]
deslealdoso	adjetivo	des|le|al|[do]|so
deslealmente	advérbio	des|le|al|[men]|te
deslegitimação	nome feminino	des|le|gi|ti|ma|[ção]
deslegitimar	verbo	des|le|gi|ti|[mar]
desleita	nome feminino	des|[lei]|ta
desleitagem	nome feminino	des|lei|[ta]|gem
desleitar	verbo	des|lei|[tar]
desleitável	adjetivo	des|lei|[tá]|vel
desleixação	nome feminino	des|lei|xa|[ção]
desleixada	nome feminino	des|lei|[xa]|da
desleixadamente	advérbio	des|lei|xa|da|[men]|te
desleixado	adjetivo	des|lei|[xa]|do
desleixado	nome masculino	des|lei|[xa]|do
desleixamento	nome masculino	des|lei|xa|[men]|to
desleixar	verbo	des|lei|[xar]
desleixo	nome masculino	des|[lei]|xo
deslembrado	adjetivo	des|lem|[bra]|do
deslembrado	nome masculino	des|lem|[bra]|do
deslembrança	nome feminino	des|lem|[bran]|ça
deslembrar	verbo	des|lem|[brar]
deslembrativo	adjetivo	des|lem|bra|[ti]|vo
deslembrável	adjetivo	des|lem|[brá]|vel
deslendear	verbo	des|len|de|[ar]
desliar	verbo	des|li|[ar]
desliável	adjetivo	des|li|[á]|vel
desligação	nome feminino	des|li|ga|[ção]
desligado	adjetivo	des|li|[ga]|do
desligadura	nome feminino	des|li|ga|[du]|ra
desligamento	nome masculino	des|li|ga|[men]|to
desligar	verbo	des|li|[gar]
desligável	adjetivo	des|li|[gá]|vel
deslimar	verbo	des|li|[mar]
deslindação	nome feminino	des|lin|da|[ção]
deslindador	adjetivo	des|lin|da|[dor]
deslindador	nome masculino	des|lin|da|[dor]
deslindamento	nome masculino	des|lin|da|[men]|to
deslindar	verbo	des|lin|[dar]
deslindável	adjetivo	des|lin|[dá]|vel
deslinde	nome masculino	des|[lin]|de
deslinguadamente	advérbio	des|lin|gua|da|[men]|te
deslinguado	adjetivo	des|lin|[gua]|do
deslinguado	nome masculino	des|lin|[gua]|do
deslinguamento	nome masculino	des|lin|gua|[men]|to
deslinguar	verbo	des|lin|[guar]
deslisar	verbo	des|li|[sar]
deslisável	adjetivo	des|li|[sá]|vel
deslisura	nome feminino	des|li|[su]|ra
deslizadeiro	nome masculino	des|li|za|[dei]|ro
deslizador	adjetivo	des|li|za|[dor]
deslizador	nome masculino	des|li|za|[dor]
deslizamento	nome masculino	des|li|za|[men]|to
deslizante	adjetivo	des|li|[zan]|te
deslizar	verbo	des|li|[zar]
deslize	nome masculino	des|[li]|ze
deslocabilidade	nome feminino	des|lo|ca|bi|li|[da]|de
deslocação	nome feminino	des|lo|ca|[ção]
deslocado	adjetivo	des|lo|[ca]|do
deslocador	adjetivo	des|lo|ca|[dor]
deslocador	nome masculino	des|lo|ca|[dor]
deslocadura	nome feminino	des|lo|ca|[du]|ra
deslocalização	nome feminino	des|lo|ca|li|za|[ção]
deslocalizar	verbo	des|lo|ca|li|[zar]
deslocamento	nome masculino	des|lo|ca|[men]|to
deslocar	verbo	des|lo|[car]
deslocável	adjetivo	des|lo|[cá]|vel
deslodamento	nome masculino	des|lo|da|[men]|to
deslodar	verbo	des|lo|[dar]
