deslodo	nome masculino	des|[lo]|do
deslograr	verbo	des|lo|[grar]
deslombar	verbo	des|lom|[bar]
desloucar	verbo	des|lou|[car]
deslouvar	verbo	des|lou|[var]
deslouvor	nome masculino	des|lou|[vor]
deslumbrado	adjetivo	des|lum|[bra]|do
deslumbrador	adjetivo	des|lum|bra|[dor]
deslumbrador	nome masculino	des|lum|bra|[dor]
deslumbramento	nome masculino	des|lum|bra|[men]|to
deslumbrante	adjetivo	des|lum|[bran]|te
deslumbrantemente	advérbio	des|lum|bran|te|[men]|te
deslumbrar	verbo	des|lum|[brar]
deslumbrativo	adjetivo	des|lum|bra|[ti]|vo
deslumbrável	adjetivo	des|lum|[brá]|vel
deslumbre	nome masculino	des|[lum]|bre
deslumbroso	adjetivo	des|lum|[bro]|so
deslustrador	adjetivo	des|lus|tra|[dor]
deslustrador	nome masculino	des|lus|tra|[dor]
deslustral	adjetivo	des|lus|[tral]
deslustrar	verbo	des|lus|[trar]
deslustre	nome masculino	des|[lus]|tre
deslustro	nome masculino	des|[lus]|tro
deslustroso	adjetivo	des|lus|[tro]|so
desluvado	adjetivo	des|lu|[va]|do
desluzidamente	advérbio	des|lu|zi|da|[men]|te
desluzido	adjetivo	des|lu|[zi]|do
desluzidor	adjetivo	des|lu|zi|[dor]
desluzidor	nome masculino	des|lu|zi|[dor]
desluzimento	nome masculino	des|lu|zi|[men]|to
desluzir	verbo	des|lu|[zir]
desmacular	verbo	des|ma|cu|[lar]
desmadeirar	verbo	des|ma|dei|[rar]
desmaginar	verbo	des|ma|gi|[nar]
desmagnetização	nome feminino	des|mag|ne|ti|za|[ção]
desmagnetizador	adjetivo	des|mag|ne|ti|za|[dor]
desmagnetizador	nome masculino	des|mag|ne|ti|za|[dor]
desmagnetizante	adjetivo	des|mag|ne|ti|[zan]|te
desmagnetizar	verbo	des|mag|ne|ti|[zar]
desmaiadamente	advérbio	des|mai|a|da|[men]|te
desmaiado	adjetivo	des|mai|[a]|do
desmaiado	nome masculino	des|mai|[a]|do
desmaiar	verbo	des|mai|[ar]
desmaio	nome masculino	des|[mai]|o
desmalhar	verbo	des|ma|[lhar]
desmalhe	nome masculino	des|[ma]|lhe
desmalhetar	verbo	des|ma|lhe|[tar]
desmaliciado	adjetivo	des|ma|li|ci|[a]|do
desmalicioso	adjetivo	des|ma|li|ci|[o]|so
desmaltas	nome feminino	des|[mal]|tas
desmama	nome feminino	des|[ma]|ma
desmamação	nome feminino	des|ma|ma|[ção]
desmamadeira	nome feminino	des|ma|ma|[dei]|ra
desmamamento	nome masculino	des|ma|ma|[men]|to
desmamar	verbo	des|ma|[mar]
desmame	nome masculino	des|[ma]|me
desmamentar	verbo	des|ma|men|[tar]
desmamo	nome masculino	des|[ma]|mo
desmanar	verbo	des|ma|[nar]
desmancha	nome feminino	des|[man]|cha
desmancha-prazeres	nome masculino	des|man|cha-pra|[ze]|res
desmancha-prazeres	adjetivo	des|man|cha-pra|[ze]|res
desmancha-prazeres	nome feminino	des|man|cha-pra|[ze]|res
desmanchadão	nome masculino	des|man|cha|[dão]
desmanchadão	adjetivo	des|man|cha|[dão]
desmanchadeira	nome feminino	des|man|cha|[dei]|ra
desmanchadela	nome feminino	des|man|cha|[de]|la
desmanchadiço	adjetivo	des|man|cha|[di]|ço
desmanchadona	nome feminino	des|man|cha|[do]|na
desmanchar	verbo	des|man|[char]
desmanchável	adjetivo	des|man|[chá]|vel
desmancho	nome masculino	des|[man]|cho
desmandado	adjetivo	des|man|[da]|do
desmandamento	nome masculino	des|man|da|[men]|to
desmandar	verbo	des|man|[dar]
desmandibulação	nome feminino	des|man|di|bu|la|[ção]
desmandibulado	adjetivo	des|man|di|bu|[la]|do
desmandibular	verbo	des|man|di|bu|[lar]
desmando	nome masculino	des|[man]|do
desmanear	verbo	des|ma|ne|[ar]
desmanhoso	adjetivo	des|ma|[nho]|so
desmanilhar	verbo	des|ma|ni|[lhar]
desmaninhar	verbo	des|ma|ni|[nhar]
desmanivar	verbo	des|ma|ni|[var]
desmantadela	nome feminino	des|man|ta|[de]|la
desmantar	verbo	des|man|[tar]
desmantelado	adjetivo	des|man|te|[la]|do
desmantelador	adjetivo	des|man|te|la|[dor]
desmantelador	nome masculino	des|man|te|la|[dor]
desmantelamento	nome masculino	des|man|te|la|[men]|to
desmantelar	verbo	des|man|te|[lar]
desmantelável	adjetivo	des|man|te|[lá]|vel
desmantelo	nome masculino	des|man|[te]|lo
desmanto	nome masculino	des|[man]|to
desmaquilhante	adjetivo	des|ma|qui|[lhan]|te
desmaquilhante	nome masculino	des|ma|qui|[lhan]|te
desmaquilhar	verbo	des|ma|qui|[lhar]
desmaranhar	verbo	des|ma|ra|[nhar]
desmaranho	nome masculino	des|ma|[ra]|nho
desmarcadamente	advérbio	des|mar|ca|da|[men]|te
