desmarcado	adjetivo	des|mar|[ca]|do
desmarcar	verbo	des|mar|[car]
desmarear	verbo	des|ma|re|[ar]
desmarelecer	verbo	des|ma|re|le|[cer]
desmascaramento	nome masculino	des|mas|ca|ra|[men]|to
desmascarar	verbo	des|mas|ca|[rar]
desmascarável	adjetivo	des|mas|ca|[rá]|vel
desmastrar	verbo	des|mas|[trar]
desmastreamento	nome masculino	des|mas|tre|a|[men]|to
desmastrear	verbo	des|mas|tre|[ar]
desmastrear	adjetivo	des|mas|tre|[ar]
desmastreio	nome masculino	des|mas|[trei]|o
desmatamento	nome masculino	des|ma|ta|[men]|to
desmatar	verbo	des|ma|[tar]
desmaterialização	nome feminino	des|ma|te|ri|a|li|za|[ção]
desmaterializar	verbo	des|ma|te|ri|a|li|[zar]
desmazelada	nome feminino	des|ma|ze|[la]|da
desmazeladamente	advérbio	des|ma|ze|la|da|[men]|te
desmazelado	adjetivo	des|ma|ze|[la]|do
desmazelado	nome masculino	des|ma|ze|[la]|do
desmazelamento	nome masculino	des|ma|ze|la|[men]|to
desmazelar	verbo	des|ma|ze|[lar]
desmazelo	nome masculino	des|ma|[ze]|lo
desmear	verbo	des|me|[ar]
desmedida	nome feminino	des|me|[di]|da
desmedidamente	advérbio	des|me|di|da|[men]|te
desmedido	adjetivo	des|me|[di]|do
desmedir	verbo	des|me|[dir]
desmedra	nome feminino	des|[me]|dra
desmedrado	adjetivo	des|me|[dra]|do
desmedramento	nome masculino	des|me|dra|[men]|to
desmedrança	nome feminino	des|me|[dran]|ça
desmedrar	verbo	des|me|[drar]
desmedro	nome masculino	des|[me]|dro
desmedroso	adjetivo	des|me|[dro]|so
desmedular	verbo	des|me|du|[lar]
desmelancolizar	verbo	des|me|lan|co|li|[zar]
desmelenado	adjetivo	des|me|le|[na]|do
desmelhorar	verbo	des|me|lho|[rar]
desmelindrar	verbo	des|me|lin|[drar]
desmembração	nome feminino	des|mem|bra|[ção]
desmembrado	adjetivo	des|mem|[bra]|do
desmembrador	adjetivo	des|mem|bra|[dor]
desmembrador	nome masculino	des|mem|bra|[dor]
desmembramento	nome masculino	des|mem|bra|[men]|to
desmembrar	verbo	des|mem|[brar]
desmembrável	adjetivo	des|mem|[brá]|vel
desmemória	nome feminino	des|me|[mó]|ri|a
desmemoriada	nome feminino	des|me|mo|ri|[a]|da
desmemoriado	adjetivo	des|me|mo|ri|[a]|do
desmemoriado	nome masculino	des|me|mo|ri|[a]|do
desmemoriamento	nome masculino	des|me|mo|ri|a|[men]|to
desmemoriar	verbo	des|me|mo|ri|[ar]
desmensurar	verbo	des|men|su|[rar]
desmentido	nome masculino	des|men|[ti]|do
desmentido	adjetivo	des|men|[ti]|do
desmentidor	adjetivo	des|men|ti|[dor]
desmentidor	nome masculino	des|men|ti|[dor]
desmentimento	nome masculino	des|men|ti|[men]|to
desmentir	verbo	des|men|[tir]
desmerecedor	adjetivo	des|me|re|ce|[dor]
desmerecer	verbo	des|me|re|[cer]
desmerecido	adjetivo	des|me|re|[ci]|do
desmerecimento	nome masculino	des|me|re|ci|[men]|to
desmérito	nome masculino	des|[mé]|ri|to
desmesura	nome feminino	des|me|[su]|ra
desmesurabilidade	nome feminino	des|me|su|ra|bi|li|[da]|de
desmesuradamente	advérbio	des|me|su|ra|da|[men]|te
desmesurado	adjetivo	des|me|su|[ra]|do
desmesuramento	nome masculino	des|me|su|ra|[men]|to
desmesurar	verbo	des|me|su|[rar]
desmesurável	adjetivo	des|me|su|[rá]|vel
desmidiácea	nome feminino	des|mi|di|[á]|ce|a
desmidiáceo	adjetivo	des|mi|di|[á]|ce|o
desmielinização	nome feminino	des|mi|e|li|ni|za|[ção]
desmilinguido	adjetivo	des|mi|lin|[gui]|do
desmilitarização	nome feminino	des|mi|li|ta|ri|za|[ção]
desmilitarizar	verbo	des|mi|li|ta|ri|[zar]
desminagem	nome feminino	des|mi|[na]|gem
desminar	verbo	des|mi|[nar]
desmineralização	nome feminino	des|mi|ne|ra|li|za|[ção]
desmineralizar	verbo	des|mi|ne|ra|li|[zar]
desmiolada	nome feminino	des|mi|o|[la]|da
desmiolado	nome masculino	des|mi|o|[la]|do
desmiolado	adjetivo	des|mi|o|[la]|do
desmiolar	verbo	des|mi|o|[lar]
desmistificação	nome feminino	des|mis|ti|fi|ca|[ção]
desmistificador	adjetivo	des|mis|ti|fi|ca|[dor]
desmistificador	nome masculino	des|mis|ti|fi|ca|[dor]
desmistificar	verbo	des|mis|ti|fi|[car]
desmitificar	verbo	des|mi|ti|fi|[car]
desmiuçar	verbo	des|miu|[çar]
desmiudar	verbo	des|miu|[dar]
desmobilado	adjetivo	des|mo|bi|[la]|do
desmobilar	verbo	des|mo|bi|[lar]
desmobilização	nome feminino	des|mo|bi|li|za|[ção]
desmobilizado	adjetivo	des|mo|bi|li|[za]|do
desmobilizado	nome masculino	des|mo|bi|li|[za]|do
desmobilizador	adjetivo	des|mo|bi|li|za|[dor]
desmobilizador	nome masculino	des|mo|bi|li|za|[dor]
