desmobilizar	verbo	des|mo|bi|li|[zar]
desmobilizável	adjetivo	des|mo|bi|li|[zá]|vel
desmoçar	verbo	des|mo|[çar]
desmochar	verbo	des|mo|[char]
desmoche	nome masculino	des|[mo]|che
desmoda	nome feminino	des|[mo]|da
desmodado	adjetivo	des|mo|[da]|do
desmoderadamente	advérbio	des|mo|de|ra|da|[men]|te
desmoderado	adjetivo	des|mo|de|[ra]|do
desmoderar	verbo	des|mo|de|[rar]
desmódio	nome masculino	des|[mó]|di|o
desmodulação	nome feminino	des|mo|du|la|[ção]
desmodulador	nome masculino	des|mo|du|la|[dor]
desmodulador	adjetivo	des|mo|du|la|[dor]
desmodular	verbo	des|mo|du|[lar]
desmografia	nome feminino	des|mo|gra|[fi]|a
desmográfico	adjetivo	des|mo|[grá]|fi|co
desmógrafo	nome masculino	des|[mó]|gra|fo
desmoide	adjetivo	des|[moi]|de
desmoirar	verbo	des|moi|[rar]
desmoita	nome feminino	des|[moi]|ta
desmoitador	adjetivo	des|moi|ta|[dor]
desmoitador	nome masculino	des|moi|ta|[dor]
desmoitar	verbo	des|moi|[tar]
desmoldagem	nome feminino	des|mol|[da]|gem
desmoldar	verbo	des|mol|[dar]
desmologia	nome feminino	des|mo|lo|[gi]|a
desmológico	adjetivo	des|mo|[ló]|gi|co
desmologista	nome masculino	des|mo|lo|[gis]|ta
desmologista	nome feminino	des|mo|lo|[gis]|ta
desmólogo	nome masculino	des|[mó]|lo|go
desmonetização	nome feminino	des|mo|ne|ti|za|[ção]
desmonetizar	verbo	des|mo|ne|ti|[zar]
desmonopolização	nome feminino	des|mo|no|po|li|za|[ção]
desmonopolizar	verbo	des|mo|no|po|li|[zar]
desmontada	nome feminino	des|mon|[ta]|da
desmontado	adjetivo	des|mon|[ta]|do
desmontagem	nome feminino	des|mon|[ta]|gem
desmontar	verbo	des|mon|[tar]
desmontável	adjetivo	des|mon|[tá]|vel
desmonte	nome masculino	des|[mon]|te
desmopatia	nome feminino	des|mo|pa|[ti]|a
desmopático	adjetivo	des|mo|[pá]|ti|co
desmoralização	nome feminino	des|mo|ra|li|za|[ção]
desmoralizado	adjetivo	des|mo|ra|li|[za]|do
desmoralizado	nome masculino	des|mo|ra|li|[za]|do
desmoralizador	adjetivo	des|mo|ra|li|za|[dor]
desmoralizador	nome masculino	des|mo|ra|li|za|[dor]
desmoralizadora	nome feminino	des|mo|ra|li|za|[do]|ra
desmoralizante	adjetivo	des|mo|ra|li|[zan]|te
desmoralizar	verbo	des|mo|ra|li|[zar]
desmoralizável	adjetivo	des|mo|ra|li|[zá]|vel
desmoronadiço	adjetivo	des|mo|ro|na|[di]|ço
desmoronamento	nome masculino	des|mo|ro|na|[men]|to
desmoronar	verbo	des|mo|ro|[nar]
desmorréctico	adjetivo	des|mor|[réc]|ti|co
desmorrético	adjetivo	des|mor|[ré]|ti|co
desmorrexia	nome feminino	des|mor|re|[xi]|a
desmortalhar	verbo	des|mor|ta|[lhar]
desmortes	nome feminino	des|[mor]|tes
desmortificar	verbo	des|mor|ti|fi|[car]
desmossoma	nome masculino	des|mos|[so]|ma
desmotivação	nome feminino	des|mo|ti|va|[ção]
desmotivado	adjetivo	des|mo|ti|[va]|do
desmotivador	adjetivo	des|mo|ti|va|[dor]
desmotivar	verbo	des|mo|ti|[var]
desmotomia	nome feminino	des|mo|to|[mi]|a
desmotômico	adjetivo	des|mo|[tô]|mi|co
desmotómico	adjetivo	des|mo|[tó]|mi|co
desmotropia	nome feminino	des|mo|tro|[pi]|a
desmouchar	verbo	des|mou|[char]
desmourar	verbo	des|mou|[rar]
desmouta	nome feminino	des|[mou]|ta
desmoutador	adjetivo	des|mou|ta|[dor]
desmoutador	nome masculino	des|mou|ta|[dor]
desmoutar	verbo	des|mou|[tar]
desmudar	verbo	des|mu|[dar]
desmultiplicação	nome feminino	des|mul|ti|pli|ca|[ção]
desmultiplicador	nome masculino	des|mul|ti|pli|ca|[dor]
desmultiplicador	adjetivo	des|mul|ti|pli|ca|[dor]
desmultiplicar	verbo	des|mul|ti|pli|[car]
desmunhecado	adjetivo	des|mu|nhe|[ca]|do
desmunhecar	verbo	des|mu|nhe|[car]
desmuniciar	verbo	des|mu|ni|ci|[ar]
desmunicionar	verbo	des|mu|ni|ci|o|[nar]
desmurar	verbo	des|mu|[rar]
desmurchar	verbo	des|mur|[char]
desnacional	adjetivo	des|na|ci|o|[nal]
desnacionalização	nome feminino	des|na|ci|o|na|li|za|[ção]
desnacionalizador	adjetivo	des|na|ci|o|na|li|za|[dor]
desnacionalizador	nome masculino	des|na|ci|o|na|li|za|[dor]
desnacionalizante	adjetivo	des|na|ci|o|na|li|[zan]|te
desnacionalizar	verbo	des|na|ci|o|na|li|[zar]
desnacionalizável	adjetivo	des|na|ci|o|na|li|[zá]|vel
desnalgado	adjetivo	des|nal|[ga]|do
desnalgamento	nome masculino	des|nal|ga|[men]|to
desnalgar	verbo	des|nal|[gar]
desnarigado	adjetivo	des|na|ri|[ga]|do
desnarigar	verbo	des|na|ri|[gar]
desnasalação	nome feminino	des|na|sa|la|[ção]
