desobstruir	verbo	de|sobs|tru|[ir]
desobstrutivo	adjetivo	de|sobs|tru|[ti]|vo
desocasionado	adjetivo	de|so|ca|si|o|[na]|do
desocupação	nome feminino	de|so|cu|pa|[ção]
desocupado	adjetivo	de|so|cu|[pa]|do
desocupado	nome masculino	de|so|cu|[pa]|do
desocupar	verbo	de|so|cu|[par]
desodorante	adjetivo	de|so|do|[ran]|te
desodorização	nome feminino	de|so|do|ri|za|[ção]
desodorizante	nome masculino	de|so|do|ri|[zan]|te
desodorizante	adjetivo	de|so|do|ri|[zan]|te
desodorizar	verbo	de|so|do|ri|[zar]
desoficialização	nome feminino	de|so|fi|ci|a|li|za|[ção]
desoficializar	verbo	de|so|fi|ci|a|li|[zar]
desofuscar	verbo	de|so|fus|[car]
desolação	nome feminino	de|so|la|[ção]
desoladamente	advérbio	de|so|la|da|[men]|te
desolado	adjetivo	de|so|[la]|do
desolador	adjetivo	de|so|la|[dor]
desolador	nome masculino	de|so|la|[dor]
desoladoramente	advérbio	de|so|la|do|ra|[men]|te
desolar	verbo	de|so|[lar]
desoleificação	nome feminino	de|so|lei|fi|ca|[ção]
desoleificar	verbo	de|so|lei|fi|[car]
desolha	nome feminino	de|[so]|lha
desolhado	adjetivo	de|so|[lha]|do
desolhar	verbo	de|so|[lhar]
desoneração	nome feminino	de|so|ne|ra|[ção]
desonerar	verbo	de|so|ne|[rar]
desonesta	nome feminino	de|so|[nes]|ta
desonestamente	advérbio	de|so|nes|ta|[men]|te
desonestar	verbo	de|so|nes|[tar]
desonestidade	nome feminino	de|so|nes|ti|[da]|de
desonesto	adjetivo	de|so|[nes]|to
desonesto	nome masculino	de|so|[nes]|to
desonra	nome feminino	de|[son]|ra
desonradez	nome feminino	de|son|ra|[dez]
desonrado	adjetivo	de|son|[ra]|do
desonrado	nome masculino	de|son|[ra]|do
desonrador	adjetivo	de|son|ra|[dor]
desonrador	nome masculino	de|son|ra|[dor]
desonrante	adjetivo	de|son|[ran]|te
desonrar	verbo	de|son|[rar]
desonrável	adjetivo	de|son|[rá]|vel
desonrosamente	advérbio	de|son|ro|sa|[men]|te
desonroso	adjetivo	de|son|[ro]|so
desoperculado	adjetivo	de|so|per|cu|[la]|do
desopilação	nome feminino	de|so|pi|la|[ção]
desopilante	adjetivo	de|so|pi|[lan]|te
desopilar	verbo	de|so|pi|[lar]
desopilativo	adjetivo	de|so|pi|la|[ti]|vo
desoportuno	adjetivo	de|so|por|[tu]|no
desopressão	nome feminino	de|so|pres|[são]
desopressor	adjetivo	de|so|pres|[sor]
desopressor	nome masculino	de|so|pres|[sor]
desoprimir	verbo	de|so|pri|[mir]
desorado	adjetivo	de|so|[ra]|do
desoras	nome feminino	de|[so]|ras
desorbitar	verbo	de|sor|bi|[tar]
desorçamentação	nome feminino	de|sor|ça|men|ta|[ção]
desordeira	nome feminino	de|sor|[dei]|ra
desordeiro	adjetivo	de|sor|[dei]|ro
desordeiro	nome masculino	de|sor|[dei]|ro
desordem	nome feminino	de|[sor]|dem
desordenação	nome feminino	de|sor|de|na|[ção]
desordenadamente	advérbio	de|sor|de|na|da|[men]|te
desordenado	adjetivo	de|sor|de|[na]|do
desordenado	nome masculino	de|sor|de|[na]|do
desordenador	adjetivo	de|sor|de|na|[dor]
desordenador	nome masculino	de|sor|de|na|[dor]
desordenamento	nome masculino	de|sor|de|na|[men]|to
desordenar	verbo	de|sor|de|[nar]
desorelhado	adjetivo	de|so|re|[lha]|do
desorelhamento	nome masculino	de|so|re|lha|[men]|to
desorelhar	verbo	de|so|re|[lhar]
desorfado	adjetivo	de|sor|[fa]|do
desorganização	nome feminino	de|sor|ga|ni|za|[ção]
desorganizadamente	advérbio	de|sor|ga|ni|za|da|[men]|te
desorganizado	adjetivo	de|sor|ga|ni|[za]|do
desorganizador	adjetivo	de|sor|ga|ni|za|[dor]
desorganizador	nome masculino	de|sor|ga|ni|za|[dor]
desorganizar	verbo	de|sor|ga|ni|[zar]
desorganizável	adjetivo	de|sor|ga|ni|[zá]|vel
desorientação	nome feminino	de|so|ri|en|ta|[ção]
desorientada	nome feminino	de|so|ri|en|[ta]|da
desorientadamente	advérbio	de|so|ri|en|ta|da|[men]|te
desorientado	adjetivo	de|so|ri|en|[ta]|do
desorientado	nome masculino	de|so|ri|en|[ta]|do
desorientador	adjetivo	de|so|ri|en|ta|[dor]
desorientador	nome masculino	de|so|ri|en|ta|[dor]
desorientamento	nome masculino	de|so|ri|en|ta|[men]|to
desorientar	verbo	de|so|ri|en|[tar]
desornado	adjetivo	de|sor|[na]|do
desornamentar	verbo	de|sor|na|men|[tar]
desornar	verbo	de|sor|[nar]
desorvalhado	adjetivo	de|sor|va|[lha]|do
desossado	adjetivo	de|sos|[sa]|do
desossamento	nome masculino	de|sos|sa|[men]|to
desossar	verbo	de|sos|[sar]
desossificação	nome feminino	de|sos|si|fi|ca|[ção]
