decadência	nome feminino	de|ca|[dên]|ci|a
decadente	adjetivo	de|ca|[den]|te
decadente	nome masculino	de|ca|[den]|te
decadente	nome feminino	de|ca|[den]|te
decadentismo	nome masculino	de|ca|den|[tis]|mo
decadentista	nome masculino	de|ca|den|[tis]|ta
decadentista	adjetivo	de|ca|den|[tis]|ta
decadentista	nome feminino	de|ca|den|[tis]|ta
decadentístico	adjetivo	de|ca|den|[tís]|ti|co
decadismo	nome masculino	de|ca|[dis]|mo
decadista	adjetivo	de|ca|[dis]|ta
decadista	nome masculino	de|ca|[dis]|ta
decadista	nome feminino	de|ca|[dis]|ta
decadístico	adjetivo	de|ca|[dís]|ti|co
decaédrico	adjetivo	de|ca|[é]|dri|co
decaedro	nome masculino	de|ca|[e]|dro
decáfido	adjetivo	de|[cá]|fi|do
decafilo	adjetivo	de|ca|[fi]|lo
decágino	adjetivo	de|[cá]|gi|no
decagonal	adjetivo	de|ca|go|[nal]
decágono	nome masculino	de|[cá]|go|no
decagrama	nome masculino	de|ca|[gra]|ma
decaída	nome feminino	de|ca|[í]|da
decaído	adjetivo	de|ca|[í]|do
decaimento	nome masculino	de|cai|[men]|to
decair	verbo	de|ca|[ir]
décalage	nome feminino	dé|ca|la|ge
decalagem	nome feminino	de|ca|[la]|gem
decalátero	nome masculino	de|ca|[lá]|te|ro
decalcar	verbo	de|cal|[car]
decalco	nome masculino	de|[cal]|co
decalcomania	nome feminino	de|cal|co|ma|[ni]|a
decalescência	nome feminino	de|ca|les|[cên]|ci|a
decalitro	nome masculino	de|ca|[li]|tro
decalobado	adjetivo	de|ca|lo|[ba]|do
decálogo	nome masculino	de|[cá]|lo|go
decalque	nome masculino	de|[cal]|que
decalvação	nome feminino	de|cal|va|[ção]
decalvante	adjetivo	de|cal|[van]|te
decalvar	verbo	de|cal|[var]
decâmero	nome masculino	de|[câ]|me|ro
decamerônico	adjetivo	de|ca|me|[rô]|ni|co
decamerónico	adjetivo	de|ca|me|[ró]|ni|co
decâmetro	nome masculino	de|[câ]|me|tro
decampamento	nome masculino	de|cam|pa|[men]|to
decampar	verbo	de|cam|[par]
decana	nome feminino	de|[ca]|na
decanado	nome masculino	de|ca|[na]|do
decanal	adjetivo	de|ca|[nal]
decanato	nome masculino	de|ca|[na]|to
decândria	nome feminino	de|[cân]|dri|a
decandria	nome feminino	de|can|[dri]|a
decandro	adjetivo	de|[can]|dro
decangular	adjetivo	de|can|gu|[lar]
decani	adjetivo	de|ca|[ni]
decani	nome masculino	de|ca|[ni]
decani	nome feminino	de|ca|[ni]
decania	nome feminino	de|ca|[ni]|a
decânico	adjetivo	de|[câ]|ni|co
decano	nome masculino	de|[ca]|no
decantação	nome feminino	de|can|ta|[ção]
decantado	adjetivo	de|can|[ta]|do
decantador	adjetivo	de|can|ta|[dor]
decantador	nome masculino	de|can|ta|[dor]
decantar	verbo	de|can|[tar]
decantável	adjetivo	de|can|[tá]|vel
decapado	adjetivo	de|ca|[pa]|do
decapagem	nome feminino	de|ca|[pa]|gem
decapante	adjetivo	de|ca|[pan]|te
decapante	nome masculino	de|ca|[pan]|te
decapar	verbo	de|ca|[par]
decapável	adjetivo	de|ca|[pá]|vel
decapetaleado	adjetivo	de|ca|pe|ta|le|[a]|do
decapétalo	adjetivo	de|ca|[pé]|ta|lo
decapitação	nome feminino	de|ca|pi|ta|[ção]
decapitador	adjetivo	de|ca|pi|ta|[dor]
decapitador	nome masculino	de|ca|pi|ta|[dor]
decapitar	verbo	de|ca|pi|[tar]
decápode	adjetivo	de|[cá]|po|de
decápode	nome masculino	de|[cá]|po|de
decaprotia	nome feminino	de|ca|pro|[ti]|a
decaproto	nome masculino	de|ca|[pro]|to
decassilábico	adjetivo	de|cas|si|[lá]|bi|co
decassílabo	adjetivo	de|cas|[sí]|la|bo
decassílabo	nome masculino	de|cas|[sí]|la|bo
decasteno	nome masculino	de|cas|[te]|no
decastere	nome masculino	de|cas|[te]|re
decastéreo	nome masculino	de|cas|[té]|re|o
decastilo	nome masculino	de|cas|[ti]|lo
decatlo	nome masculino	de|[ca]|tlo
decatlonista	nome masculino	de|ca|tlo|[nis]|ta
decatlonista	nome feminino	de|ca|tlo|[nis]|ta
deceção	nome feminino	de|ce|[ção]
dececionado	adjetivo	de|ce|ci|o|[na]|do
dececionante	adjetivo	de|ce|ci|o|[nan]|te
dececionar	verbo	de|ce|ci|o|[nar]
dececionável	adjetivo	de|ce|ci|o|[ná]|vel
deceinar	verbo	de|cei|[nar]
deceleu	adjetivo	de|ce|[leu]
deceleu	nome masculino	de|ce|[leu]
