despeito	nome masculino	des|[pei]|to
despeitorado	adjetivo	des|pei|to|[ra]|do
despeitoramento	nome masculino	des|pei|to|ra|[men]|to
despeitorar	verbo	des|pei|to|[rar]
despeitoso	adjetivo	des|pei|[to]|so
despejadamente	advérbio	des|pe|ja|da|[men]|te
despejado	adjetivo	des|pe|[ja]|do
despejador	adjetivo	des|pe|ja|[dor]
despejador	nome masculino	des|pe|ja|[dor]
despejadouro	nome masculino	des|pe|ja|[dou]|ro
despejamento	nome masculino	des|pe|ja|[men]|to
despejar	verbo	des|pe|[jar]
despejável	adjetivo	des|pe|[já]|vel
despejo	nome masculino	des|[pe]|jo
despela	nome feminino	des|[pe]|la
despelar	verbo	des|pe|[lar]
despenado	adjetivo	des|pe|[na]|do
despenadora	nome feminino	des|pe|na|[do]|ra
despenalização	nome feminino	des|pe|na|li|za|[ção]
despenalizar	verbo	des|pe|na|li|[zar]
despenar	verbo	des|pe|[nar]
despencamento	nome masculino	des|pen|ca|[men]|to
despencar	verbo	des|pen|[car]
despendedor	adjetivo	des|pen|de|[dor]
despendedor	nome masculino	des|pen|de|[dor]
despender	verbo	des|pen|[der]
despendurar	verbo	des|pen|du|[rar]
despenhadeiro	nome masculino	des|pe|nha|[dei]|ro
despenhamento	nome masculino	des|pe|nha|[men]|to
despenhão	nome masculino	des|pe|[nhão]
despenhar	verbo	des|pe|[nhar]
despenho	nome masculino	des|[pe]|nho
despenhoso	adjetivo	des|pe|[nho]|so
despenitenciar	verbo	des|pe|ni|ten|ci|[ar]
despensa	nome feminino	des|[pen]|sa
despenseira	nome feminino	des|pen|[sei]|ra
despenseiro	nome masculino	des|pen|[sei]|ro
despenteado	adjetivo	des|pen|te|[a]|do
despentear	verbo	des|pen|te|[ar]
desperceber	verbo	des|per|ce|[ber]
despercebidamente	advérbio	des|per|ce|bi|da|[men]|te
despercebido	adjetivo	des|per|ce|[bi]|do
despercebimento	nome masculino	des|per|ce|bi|[men]|to
desperdiçada	nome feminino	des|per|di|[ça]|da
desperdiçadamente	advérbio	des|per|di|ça|da|[men]|te
desperdiçado	adjetivo	des|per|di|[ça]|do
desperdiçado	nome masculino	des|per|di|[ça]|do
desperdiçador	adjetivo	des|per|di|ça|[dor]
desperdiçador	nome masculino	des|per|di|ça|[dor]
desperdiçamento	nome masculino	des|per|di|ça|[men]|to
desperdiçar	verbo	des|per|di|[çar]
desperdício	nome masculino	des|per|[dí]|ci|o
desperecer	verbo	des|pe|re|[cer]
desperecimento	nome masculino	des|pe|re|ci|[men]|to
desperfilamento	nome masculino	des|per|fi|la|[men]|to
desperfilar	verbo	des|per|fi|[lar]
despersonalização	nome feminino	des|per|so|na|li|za|[ção]
despersonalizante	adjetivo	des|per|so|na|li|[zan]|te
despersonalizar	verbo	des|per|so|na|li|[zar]
despersuadido	adjetivo	des|per|su|a|[di]|do
despersuadir	verbo	des|per|su|a|[dir]
despersuasão	nome feminino	des|per|su|a|[são]
despertador	nome masculino	des|per|ta|[dor]
despertador	adjetivo	des|per|ta|[dor]
despertadora	nome feminino	des|per|ta|[do]|ra
despertar	verbo	des|per|[tar]
despertar	nome masculino	des|per|[tar]
despertativo	adjetivo	des|per|ta|[ti]|vo
despertativo	nome masculino	des|per|ta|[ti]|vo
despertável	adjetivo	des|per|[tá]|vel
desperto	adjetivo	des|[per]|to
despesa	nome feminino	des|[pe]|sa
despesão	nome masculino	des|pe|[são]
despescar	verbo	des|pes|[car]
despesismo	nome masculino	des|pe|[sis]|mo
despesista	adjetivo	des|pe|[sis]|ta
despetalado	adjetivo	des|pe|ta|[la]|do
despetalar	verbo	des|pe|ta|[lar]
despetalear	verbo	des|pe|ta|le|[ar]
despetivo	adjetivo	des|pe|[ti]|vo
despetrechar	verbo	des|pe|tre|[char]
despicado	adjetivo	des|pi|[ca]|do
despicador	adjetivo	des|pi|ca|[dor]
despicador	nome masculino	des|pi|ca|[dor]
despicar	verbo	des|pi|[car]
despicativo	adjetivo	des|pi|ca|[ti]|vo
despiciendo	adjetivo	des|pi|ci|[en]|do
despiciente	adjetivo	des|pi|ci|[en]|te
despicientemente	advérbio	des|pi|ci|en|te|[men]|te
despido	adjetivo	des|[pi]|do
despiedadamente	advérbio	des|pi|e|da|da|[men]|te
despiedade	nome feminino	des|pi|e|[da]|de
despiedado	adjetivo	des|pi|e|[da]|do
despiedar	verbo	des|pi|e|[dar]
despiedosamente	advérbio	des|pi|e|do|sa|[men]|te
despiedoso	adjetivo	des|pi|e|[do]|so
despigmentação	nome feminino	des|pig|men|ta|[ção]
despigmentado	adjetivo	des|pig|men|[ta]|do
despigmentar	verbo	des|pig|men|[tar]
despimento	nome masculino	des|pi|[men]|to
