dessaborar	verbo	des|sa|bo|[rar]
dessaborear	verbo	des|sa|bo|re|[ar]
dessaboridamente	advérbio	des|sa|bo|ri|da|[men]|te
dessaborido	adjetivo	des|sa|bo|[ri]|do
dessaboroso	adjetivo	des|sa|bo|[ro]|so
dessaburrar	verbo	des|sa|bur|[rar]
dessacralização	nome feminino	des|sa|cra|li|za|[ção]
dessacralizar	verbo	des|sa|cra|li|[zar]
dessagrar	verbo	des|sa|[grar]
dessai	nome masculino	des|[sai]
dessaiado	nome masculino	des|sai|[a]|do
dessaibrar	verbo	des|sai|[brar]
dessainar	verbo	des|sai|[nar]
dessalar	verbo	des|sa|[lar]
dessalgação	nome feminino	des|sal|ga|[ção]
dessalgado	adjetivo	des|sal|[ga]|do
dessalgamento	nome masculino	des|sal|ga|[men]|to
dessalgar	verbo	des|sal|[gar]
dessalificação	nome feminino	des|sa|li|fi|ca|[ção]
dessalificar	verbo	des|sa|li|fi|[car]
dessalinização	nome feminino	des|sa|li|ni|za|[ção]
dessalinizar	verbo	des|sa|li|ni|[zar]
dessamoucar	verbo	des|sa|mou|[car]
dessangradeiro	nome masculino	des|san|gra|[dei]|ro
dessangramento	nome masculino	des|san|gra|[men]|to
dessangrar	verbo	des|san|[grar]
dessar	verbo	des|[sar]
dessarroar	verbo	des|sar|ro|[ar]
dessarte	advérbio	des|[sar]|te
dessatisfação	nome feminino	des|sa|tis|fa|[ção]
dessatisfeito	adjetivo	des|sa|tis|[fei]|to
dessaudar	verbo	des|sau|[dar]
dessaudoso	adjetivo	des|sau|[do]|so
dessazonado	adjetivo	des|sa|zo|[na]|do
dessazonar	verbo	des|sa|zo|[nar]
desse	contração	[des]|se
dessecação	nome feminino	des|se|ca|[ção]
dessecador	adjetivo	des|se|ca|[dor]
dessecador	nome masculino	des|se|ca|[dor]
dessecamento	nome masculino	des|se|ca|[men]|to
dessecante	adjetivo	des|se|[can]|te
dessecar	verbo	des|se|[car]
dessecativo	adjetivo	des|se|ca|[ti]|vo
dessecativo	nome masculino	des|se|ca|[ti]|vo
dessedentar	verbo	des|se|den|[tar]
dessegredar	verbo	des|se|gre|[dar]
dessegredo	nome masculino	des|se|[gre]|do
dessegregação	nome feminino	des|se|gre|ga|[ção]
dessegregamento	nome masculino	des|se|gre|ga|[men]|to
dessegregar	verbo	des|se|gre|[gar]
desseguir	verbo	des|se|[guir]
dessegurança	nome feminino	des|se|gu|[ran]|ça
dessegurar	verbo	des|se|gu|[rar]
desseivar	verbo	des|sei|[var]
desselar	verbo	des|se|[lar]
dessemelhança	nome feminino	des|se|me|[lhan]|ça
dessemelhante	adjetivo	des|se|me|[lhan]|te
dessemelhantemente	advérbio	des|se|me|lhan|te|[men]|te
dessemelhar	verbo	des|se|me|[lhar]
dessemelhável	adjetivo	des|se|me|[lhá]|vel
dessensibilização	nome feminino	des|sen|si|bi|li|za|[ção]
dessensibilizador	adjetivo	des|sen|si|bi|li|za|[dor]
dessensibilizante	adjetivo	des|sen|si|bi|li|[zan]|te
dessensibilizar	verbo	des|sen|si|bi|li|[zar]
dessentir	verbo	des|sen|[tir]
dessepultar	verbo	des|se|pul|[tar]
dessepulto	adjetivo	des|se|[pul]|to
dessert	nome masculino	des|sert
desserviçal	adjetivo	des|ser|vi|[çal]
desserviço	nome masculino	des|ser|[vi]|ço
desservidor	adjetivo	des|ser|vi|[dor]
desservidor	nome masculino	des|ser|vi|[dor]
desservir	verbo	des|ser|[vir]
dessesmar	verbo	des|ses|[mar]
dessexuado	adjetivo	des|se|xu|[a]|do
dessexualizar	verbo	des|se|xu|a|li|[zar]
dessinalado	adjetivo	des|si|na|[la]|do
dessincronizado	adjetivo	des|sin|cro|ni|[za]|do
dessincronizar	verbo	des|sin|cro|ni|[zar]
dessiso	nome masculino	des|[si]|so
dessistema	nome masculino	des|sis|[te]|ma
dessisudo	adjetivo	des|si|[su]|do
dessitiar	verbo	des|si|ti|[ar]
dessoante	adjetivo	des|so|[an]|te
dessoar	verbo	des|so|[ar]
dessobraçar	verbo	des|so|bra|[çar]
dessociável	adjetivo	des|so|ci|[á]|vel
dessoçobrar	verbo	des|so|ço|[brar]
dessoçobro	nome masculino	des|so|[ço]|bro
dessocorrer	verbo	des|so|cor|[rer]
dessolar	verbo	des|so|[lar]
dessoldadura	nome feminino	des|sol|da|[du]|ra
dessoldar	verbo	des|sol|[dar]
dessolhar	verbo	des|so|[lhar]
dessorado	adjetivo	des|so|[ra]|do
dessoramento	nome masculino	des|so|ra|[men]|to
dessorar	verbo	des|so|[rar]
dessossegar	verbo	des|sos|se|[gar]
dessossego	nome masculino	des|sos|[se]|go
dessoterrar	verbo	des|so|ter|[rar]
