dessoutro	contração	des|[sou]|tro
dessovado	adjetivo	des|so|[va]|do
dessuar	verbo	des|su|[ar]
dessubjugar	verbo	des|sub|ju|[gar]
dessubstanciar	verbo	des|subs|tan|ci|[ar]
dessudação	nome feminino	des|su|da|[ção]
dessueto	adjetivo	des|su|[e]|to
dessuetude	nome feminino	des|su|e|[tu]|de
dessujar	verbo	des|su|[jar]
dessujeito	adjetivo	des|su|[jei]|to
dessulfuração	nome feminino	des|sul|fu|ra|[ção]
dessulfurar	verbo	des|sul|fu|[rar]
dessulfurização	nome feminino	des|sul|fu|ri|za|[ção]
dessulfurizar	verbo	des|sul|fu|ri|[zar]
dessultor	nome masculino	des|sul|[tor]
dessultório	adjetivo	des|sul|[tó]|ri|o
dessumir	verbo	des|su|[mir]
dessurdo	adjetivo	des|[sur]|do
dessuspeitoso	adjetivo	des|sus|pei|[to]|so
destabilização	nome feminino	des|ta|bi|li|za|[ção]
destabilizar	verbo	des|ta|bi|li|[zar]
destabocado	adjetivo	des|ta|bo|[ca]|do
destacadamente	advérbio	des|ta|ca|da|[men]|te
destacadíssimo	adjetivo	des|ta|ca|[dís]|si|mo
destacado	adjetivo	des|ta|[ca]|do
destacado	nome masculino	des|ta|[ca]|do
destacamento	nome masculino	des|ta|ca|[men]|to
destacar	verbo	des|ta|[car]
destacável	nome masculino	des|ta|[cá]|vel
destacável	adjetivo	des|ta|[cá]|vel
destalar	verbo	des|ta|[lar]
destalingar	verbo	des|ta|lin|[gar]
destalinização	nome feminino	des|ta|li|ni|za|[ção]
destampadamente	advérbio	des|tam|pa|da|[men]|te
destampado	adjetivo	des|tam|[pa]|do
destampar	verbo	des|tam|[par]
destampatória	nome feminino	des|tam|pa|[tó]|ri|a
destampatório	nome masculino	des|tam|pa|[tó]|ri|o
destampice	nome feminino	des|tam|[pi]|ce
destampo	nome masculino	des|[tam]|po
destaninizar	verbo	des|ta|ni|ni|[zar]
destanizar	verbo	des|ta|ni|[zar]
destapado	adjetivo	des|ta|[pa]|do
destapamento	nome masculino	des|ta|pa|[men]|to
destapar	verbo	des|ta|[par]
destaque	nome masculino	des|[ta]|que
destarte	advérbio	des|[tar]|te
deste	contração	[des]|te
destecedura	nome feminino	des|te|ce|[du]|ra
destecer	verbo	des|te|[cer]
destelar	verbo	des|te|[lar]
destelhamento	nome masculino	des|te|lha|[men]|to
destelhar	verbo	des|te|[lhar]
destelo	nome masculino	des|[te]|lo
destemer	verbo	des|te|[mer]
destemeroso	adjetivo	des|te|me|[ro]|so
destemidamente	advérbio	des|te|mi|da|[men]|te
destemidez	nome feminino	des|te|mi|[dez]
destemido	adjetivo	des|te|[mi]|do
destemor	nome masculino	des|te|[mor]
destêmpera	nome feminino	des|[têm]|pe|ra
destemperada	nome feminino	des|tem|pe|[ra]|da
destemperadamente	advérbio	des|tem|pe|ra|da|[men]|te
destemperado	adjetivo	des|tem|pe|[ra]|do
destemperado	nome masculino	des|tem|pe|[ra]|do
destemperador	adjetivo	des|tem|pe|ra|[dor]
destemperamento	nome masculino	des|tem|pe|ra|[men]|to
destemperança	nome feminino	des|tem|pe|[ran]|ça
destemperante	adjetivo	des|tem|pe|[ran]|te
destemperar	verbo	des|tem|pe|[rar]
destempero	nome masculino	des|tem|[pe]|ro
destempo	nome masculino	des|[tem]|po
desteridade	nome feminino	des|te|ri|[da]|de
desterrada	nome feminino	des|ter|[ra]|da
desterrado	adjetivo	des|ter|[ra]|do
desterrado	nome masculino	des|ter|[ra]|do
desterrador	adjetivo	des|ter|ra|[dor]
desterrador	nome masculino	des|ter|ra|[dor]
desterramento	nome masculino	des|ter|ra|[men]|to
desterrância	nome feminino	des|ter|[rân]|ci|a
desterraplenar	verbo	des|ter|ra|ple|[nar]
desterrar	verbo	des|ter|[rar]
desterrense	adjetivo	des|ter|[ren]|se
desterrense	nome masculino	des|ter|[ren]|se
desterrense	nome feminino	des|ter|[ren]|se
desterro	nome masculino	des|[ter]|ro
desterroador	nome masculino	des|ter|ro|a|[dor]
desterroador	adjetivo	des|ter|ro|a|[dor]
desterroamento	nome masculino	des|ter|ro|a|[men]|to
desterroar	verbo	des|ter|ro|[ar]
destetar	verbo	des|te|[tar]
destilação	nome feminino	des|ti|la|[ção]
destiladeira	nome feminino	des|ti|la|[dei]|ra
destilado	nome masculino	des|ti|[la]|do
destilado	adjetivo	des|ti|[la]|do
destilador	adjetivo	des|ti|la|[dor]
destilador	nome masculino	des|ti|la|[dor]
destilamento	nome masculino	des|ti|la|[men]|to
destilar	verbo	des|ti|[lar]
destilaria	nome feminino	des|ti|la|[ri]|a
