destilatório	adjetivo	des|ti|la|[tó]|ri|o
destilável	adjetivo	des|ti|[lá]|vel
destimidez	nome feminino	des|ti|mi|[dez]
destímido	adjetivo	des|[tí]|mi|do
destinação	nome feminino	des|ti|na|[ção]
destinador	adjetivo	des|ti|na|[dor]
destinador	nome masculino	des|ti|na|[dor]
destinar	verbo	des|ti|[nar]
destinatário	nome masculino	des|ti|na|[tá]|ri|o
destinativo	adjetivo	des|ti|na|[ti]|vo
destinativo	nome masculino	des|ti|na|[ti]|vo
destinável	adjetivo	des|ti|[ná]|vel
destingir	verbo	des|tin|[gir]
destino	nome masculino	des|[ti]|no
destinto	adjetivo	des|[tin]|to
destisnar	verbo	des|tis|[nar]
destituição	nome feminino	des|ti|tu|i|[ção]
destituído	adjetivo	des|ti|tu|[í]|do
destituir	verbo	des|ti|tu|[ir]
destituível	adjetivo	des|ti|tu|[í]|vel
destoadamente	advérbio	des|to|a|da|[men]|te
destoado	adjetivo	des|to|[a]|do
destoante	adjetivo	des|to|[an]|te
destoar	verbo	des|to|[ar]
destocador	nome masculino	des|to|ca|[dor]
destocamento	nome masculino	des|to|ca|[men]|to
destocar	verbo	des|to|[car]
destoldar	verbo	des|tol|[dar]
destolher	verbo	des|to|[lher]
destom	nome masculino	[des]|tom
destonar	verbo	des|to|[nar]
destopetear	verbo	des|to|pe|te|[ar]
destorar	verbo	des|to|[rar]
destorcedor	adjetivo	des|tor|ce|[dor]
destorcedor	nome masculino	des|tor|ce|[dor]
destorcer	verbo	des|tor|[cer]
destorcimento	nome masculino	des|tor|ci|[men]|to
destorpecer	verbo	des|tor|pe|[cer]
destorroador	adjetivo	des|tor|ro|a|[dor]
destorroador	nome masculino	des|tor|ro|a|[dor]
destorroamento	nome masculino	des|tor|ro|a|[men]|to
destorroar	verbo	des|tor|ro|[ar]
destoucar	verbo	des|tou|[car]
destoutiçado	adjetivo	des|tou|ti|[ça]|do
destoutro	contração	des|[tou]|tro
destoxificação	nome feminino	des|to|xi|fi|ca|[ção]
destra	nome feminino	[des]|tra
destrabalho	nome masculino	des|tra|[ba]|lho
destraçar	verbo	des|tra|[çar]
destramar	verbo	des|tra|[mar]
destrambelhada	nome feminino	des|tram|be|[lha]|da
destrambelhadamente	advérbio	des|tram|be|lha|da|[men]|te
destrambelhado	nome masculino	des|tram|be|[lha]|do
destrambelhado	adjetivo	des|tram|be|[lha]|do
destrambelhamento	nome masculino	des|tram|be|lha|[men]|to
destrambelhar	verbo	des|tram|be|[lhar]
destrambelho	nome masculino	des|tram|[be]|lho
destramente	advérbio	des|tra|[men]|te
destrançar	verbo	des|tran|[çar]
destrancar	verbo	des|tran|[car]
destranque	nome masculino	des|[tran]|que
destratar	verbo	des|tra|[tar]
destravada	nome feminino	des|tra|[va]|da
destravado	adjetivo	des|tra|[va]|do
destravado	nome masculino	des|tra|[va]|do
destravancar	verbo	des|tra|van|[car]
destravar	verbo	des|tra|[var]
destreinado	adjetivo	des|trei|[na]|do
destreinar	verbo	des|trei|[nar]
destrelar	verbo	des|tre|[lar]
destrepar	verbo	des|tre|[par]
destreza	nome feminino	des|[tre]|za
destribalizar	verbo	des|tri|ba|li|[zar]
destribar	verbo	des|tri|[bar]
destridade	nome feminino	des|tri|[da]|de
destrimanismo	nome masculino	des|tri|ma|[nis]|mo
destrímano	adjetivo	des|[trí]|ma|no
destrímano	nome masculino	des|[trí]|ma|no
destrinça	nome feminino	des|[trin]|ça
destrinçador	adjetivo	des|trin|ça|[dor]
destrinçador	nome masculino	des|trin|ça|[dor]
destrinçar	verbo	des|trin|[çar]
destrincar	verbo	des|trin|[car]
destrinçável	adjetivo	des|trin|[çá]|vel
destripar	verbo	des|tri|[par]
destripular	verbo	des|tri|pu|[lar]
destro	adjetivo	[des]|tro
destroca	nome feminino	des|[tro]|ca
destroçador	adjetivo	des|tro|ça|[dor]
destroçador	nome masculino	des|tro|ça|[dor]
destroçar	verbo	des|tro|[çar]
destrocar	verbo	des|tro|[car]
destroço	nome masculino	des|[tro]|ço
destronação	nome feminino	des|tro|na|[ção]
destronado	adjetivo	des|tro|[na]|do
destronador	adjetivo	des|tro|na|[dor]
destronador	nome masculino	des|tro|na|[dor]
destronamento	nome masculino	des|tro|na|[men]|to
destronar	verbo	des|tro|[nar]
destronável	adjetivo	des|tro|[ná]|vel
