destroncamento	nome masculino	des|tron|ca|[men]|to
destroncar	verbo	des|tron|[car]
destronização	nome feminino	des|tro|ni|za|[ção]
destronizar	verbo	des|tro|ni|[zar]
destronizável	adjetivo	des|tro|ni|[zá]|vel
destroyer	nome masculino	des'|troy|er
destruição	nome feminino	des|tru|i|[ção]
destruído	adjetivo	des|tru|[í]|do
destruidor	adjetivo	des|tru|i|[dor]
destruidor	nome masculino	des|tru|i|[dor]
destruidora	nome feminino	des|tru|i|[do]|ra
destruir	verbo	des|tru|[ir]
destruível	adjetivo	des|tru|[í]|vel
destrunfar	verbo	des|trun|[far]
destrutibilidade	nome feminino	des|tru|ti|bi|li|[da]|de
destrutivamente	advérbio	des|tru|ti|va|[men]|te
destrutível	adjetivo	des|tru|[tí]|vel
destrutividade	nome feminino	des|tru|ti|vi|[da]|de
destrutivismo	nome masculino	des|tru|ti|[vis]|mo
destrutivista	adjetivo	des|tru|ti|[vis]|ta
destrutivista	nome masculino	des|tru|ti|[vis]|ta
destrutivista	nome feminino	des|tru|ti|[vis]|ta
destrutivo	adjetivo	des|tru|[ti]|vo
destrutor	adjetivo	des|tru|[tor]
destrutor	nome masculino	des|tru|[tor]
destrutora	nome feminino	des|tru|[to]|ra
destruturação	nome feminino	des|tru|tu|ra|[ção]
destruturar	verbo	des|tru|tu|[rar]
desturvar	verbo	des|tur|[var]
desufenado	adjetivo	de|su|fe|[na]|do
desultrajar	verbo	de|sul|tra|[jar]
desumanamente	advérbio	de|su|ma|na|[men]|te
desumanar	verbo	de|su|ma|[nar]
desumanidade	nome feminino	de|su|ma|ni|[da]|de
desumanização	nome feminino	de|su|ma|ni|za|[ção]
desumanizador	adjetivo	de|su|ma|ni|za|[dor]
desumanizar	verbo	de|su|ma|ni|[zar]
desumano	adjetivo	de|su|[ma]|no
desumidificação	nome feminino	de|su|mi|di|fi|ca|[ção]
desumidificador	nome masculino	de|su|mi|di|fi|ca|[dor]
desumidificador	adjetivo	de|su|mi|di|fi|ca|[dor]
desumidificar	verbo	de|su|mi|di|fi|[car]
desumilde	adjetivo	de|su|[mil]|de
desunhar	verbo	de|su|[nhar]
desunião	nome feminino	de|su|ni|[ão]
desunido	adjetivo	de|su|[ni]|do
desunificação	nome feminino	de|su|ni|fi|ca|[ção]
desunificar	verbo	de|su|ni|fi|[car]
desunir	verbo	de|su|[nir]
desunível	adjetivo	de|su|[ní]|vel
desurdir	verbo	de|sur|[dir]
desusadamente	advérbio	de|su|sa|da|[men]|te
desusado	adjetivo	de|su|[sa]|do
desusar	verbo	de|su|[sar]
desuso	nome masculino	de|[su]|so
desusual	adjetivo	de|su|su|[al]
desútil	adjetivo	de|[sú]|til
desutilidade	nome feminino	de|su|ti|li|[da]|de
desvaidade	nome feminino	des|vai|[da]|de
desvaidoso	adjetivo	des|vai|[do]|so
desvair	verbo	des|va|[ir]
desvairada	nome feminino	des|vai|[ra]|da
desvairadamente	advérbio	des|vai|ra|da|[men]|te
desvairado	nome masculino	des|vai|[ra]|do
desvairado	adjetivo	des|vai|[ra]|do
desvairador	adjetivo	des|vai|ra|[dor]
desvairador	nome masculino	des|vai|ra|[dor]
desvairamento	nome masculino	des|vai|ra|[men]|to
desvairar	verbo	des|vai|[rar]
desvairo	nome masculino	des|[vai]|ro
desvalado	adjetivo	des|va|[la]|do
desvaler	verbo	des|va|[ler]
desvalia	nome feminino	des|va|[li]|a
desvaliação	nome feminino	des|va|li|a|[ção]
desvaliar	verbo	des|va|li|[ar]
desvalida	nome feminino	des|va|[li]|da
desvalidar	verbo	des|va|li|[dar]
desvalido	nome masculino	des|va|[li]|do
desvalido	adjetivo	des|va|[li]|do
desvalijar	verbo	des|va|li|[jar]
desvalimento	nome masculino	des|va|li|[men]|to
desvaliosamente	advérbio	des|va|li|o|sa|[men]|te
desvalioso	adjetivo	des|va|li|[o]|so
desvalor	nome masculino	des|va|[lor]
desvalorização	nome feminino	des|va|lo|ri|za|[ção]
desvalorizado	adjetivo	des|va|lo|ri|[za]|do
desvalorizador	adjetivo	des|va|lo|ri|za|[dor]
desvalorizador	nome masculino	des|va|lo|ri|za|[dor]
desvalorizadora	nome feminino	des|va|lo|ri|za|[do]|ra
desvalorizar	verbo	des|va|lo|ri|[zar]
desvalorizável	adjetivo	des|va|lo|ri|[zá]|vel
desvalvulado	adjetivo	des|val|vu|[la]|do
desvanado	adjetivo	des|va|[na]|do
desvanecedor	adjetivo	des|va|ne|ce|[dor]
desvanecedor	nome masculino	des|va|ne|ce|[dor]
desvanecedora	nome feminino	des|va|ne|ce|[do]|ra
desvanecer	verbo	des|va|ne|[cer]
desvanecidamente	advérbio	des|va|ne|ci|da|[men]|te
desvanecido	adjetivo	des|va|ne|[ci]|do
desvanecimento	nome masculino	des|va|ne|ci|[men]|to
