desvanecível	adjetivo	des|va|ne|[cí]|vel
desvaneio	nome masculino	des|va|[nei]|o
desvantagem	nome feminino	des|van|[ta]|gem
desvantajosamente	advérbio	des|van|ta|jo|sa|[men]|te
desvantajoso	adjetivo	des|van|ta|[jo]|so
desvão	nome masculino	des|[vão]
desvarar	verbo	des|va|[rar]
desvariamento	nome masculino	des|va|ri|a|[men]|to
desvariar	verbo	des|va|ri|[ar]
desvaricado	adjetivo	des|va|ri|[ca]|do
desvario	nome masculino	des|va|[ri]|o
desveladamente	advérbio	des|ve|la|da|[men]|te
desvelado	adjetivo	des|ve|[la]|do
desvelar	verbo	des|ve|[lar]
desvelejar	verbo	des|ve|le|[jar]
desvelo	nome masculino	des|[ve]|lo
desvencelhar	verbo	des|ven|ce|[lhar]
desvencilhar	verbo	des|ven|ci|[lhar]
desvendador	adjetivo	des|ven|da|[dor]
desvendador	nome masculino	des|ven|da|[dor]
desvendamento	nome masculino	des|ven|da|[men]|to
desvendar	verbo	des|ven|[dar]
desvendável	adjetivo	des|ven|[dá]|vel
desveneração	nome feminino	des|ve|ne|ra|[ção]
desvenerar	verbo	des|ve|ne|[rar]
desvenoso	adjetivo	des|ve|[no]|so
desventoso	adjetivo	des|ven|[to]|so
desventração	nome feminino	des|ven|tra|[ção]
desventrar	verbo	des|ven|[trar]
desventura	nome feminino	des|ven|[tu]|ra
desventurada	nome feminino	des|ven|tu|[ra]|da
desventuradamente	advérbio	des|ven|tu|ra|da|[men]|te
desventurado	adjetivo	des|ven|tu|[ra]|do
desventurado	nome masculino	des|ven|tu|[ra]|do
desventurar	verbo	des|ven|tu|[rar]
desventuroso	adjetivo	des|ven|tu|[ro]|so
desverdecer	verbo	des|ver|de|[cer]
desvergonha	nome feminino	des|ver|[go]|nha
desvergonhada	nome feminino	des|ver|go|[nha]|da
desvergonhado	adjetivo	des|ver|go|[nha]|do
desvergonhado	nome masculino	des|ver|go|[nha]|do
desvergonhamento	nome masculino	des|ver|go|nha|[men]|to
desvergonhar	verbo	des|ver|go|[nhar]
desvertebração	nome feminino	des|ver|te|bra|[ção]
desvertebrar	verbo	des|ver|te|[brar]
desvestir	verbo	des|ves|[tir]
desvezado	adjetivo	des|ve|[za]|do
desvezar	verbo	des|ve|[zar]
desviado	adjetivo	des|vi|[a]|do
desviado	nome masculino	des|vi|[a]|do
desviador	adjetivo	des|vi|a|[dor]
desviador	nome masculino	des|vi|a|[dor]
desviadora	nome feminino	des|vi|a|[do]|ra
desviância	nome feminino	des|vi|[ân]|ci|a
desviante	adjetivo	des|vi|[an]|te
desviar	verbo	des|vi|[ar]
desviável	adjetivo	des|vi|[á]|vel
desviçoso	adjetivo	des|vi|[ço]|so
desvidraçado	adjetivo	des|vi|dra|[ça]|do
desvidraçar	verbo	des|vi|dra|[çar]
desvidrado	adjetivo	des|vi|[dra]|do
desvidrar	verbo	des|vi|[drar]
desvigar	verbo	des|vi|[gar]
desvigiar	verbo	des|vi|gi|[ar]
desvigoramento	nome masculino	des|vi|go|ra|[men]|to
desvigorar	verbo	des|vi|go|[rar]
desvigorização	nome feminino	des|vi|go|ri|za|[ção]
desvigorizar	verbo	des|vi|go|ri|[zar]
desvigoroso	adjetivo	des|vi|go|[ro]|so
desvincar	verbo	des|vin|[car]
desvinculação	nome feminino	des|vin|cu|la|[ção]
desvincular	verbo	des|vin|cu|[lar]
desvinculável	adjetivo	des|vin|cu|[lá]|vel
desvio	nome masculino	des|[vi]|o
desvirar	verbo	des|vi|[rar]
desvirgamento	nome masculino	des|vir|ga|[men]|to
desvirgar	verbo	des|vir|[gar]
desvirginamento	nome masculino	des|vir|gi|na|[men]|to
desvirginar	verbo	des|vir|gi|[nar]
desvirginização	nome feminino	des|vir|gi|ni|za|[ção]
desvirginizar	verbo	des|vir|gi|ni|[zar]
desvirgular	verbo	des|vir|gu|[lar]
desvirilidade	nome feminino	des|vi|ri|li|[da]|de
desvirilizador	adjetivo	des|vi|ri|li|za|[dor]
desvirilizante	adjetivo	des|vi|ri|li|[zan]|te
desvirilizar	verbo	des|vi|ri|li|[zar]
desvirtuação	nome feminino	des|vir|tu|a|[ção]
desvirtuado	adjetivo	des|vir|tu|[a]|do
desvirtuador	adjetivo	des|vir|tu|a|[dor]
desvirtuador	nome masculino	des|vir|tu|a|[dor]
desvirtuamento	nome masculino	des|vir|tu|a|[men]|to
desvirtuar	verbo	des|vir|tu|[ar]
desvirtuável	adjetivo	des|vir|tu|[á]|vel
desvirtude	nome feminino	des|vir|[tu]|de
desvirtuoso	adjetivo	des|vir|tu|[o]|so
desviscerar	verbo	des|vis|ce|[rar]
desvisgar	verbo	des|vis|[gar]
desvitalização	nome feminino	des|vi|ta|li|za|[ção]
desvitalizar	verbo	des|vi|ta|li|[zar]
desvitaminação	nome feminino	des|vi|ta|mi|na|[ção]
