dextrínico	adjetivo	dex|[trí]|ni|co
dextrinúria	nome feminino	dex|tri|[nú]|ri|a
dextrinúrico	adjetivo	dex|tri|[nú]|ri|co
dextrivolúvel	adjetivo	dex|tri|vo|[lú]|vel
dextrocardia	nome feminino	dex|tro|car|[di]|a
dextrocardíaco	adjetivo	dex|tro|car|[dí]|a|co
dextrogiro	adjetivo	dex|tro|[gi]|ro
dextrorso	adjetivo	dex|[tror]|so
dextrose	nome feminino	dex|[tro]|se
dextrossinistro	adjetivo	dex|tros|si|[nis]|tro
dextrosúria	nome feminino	dex|tro|[sú]|ri|a
dextrovolúvel	adjetivo	dex|tro|vo|[lú]|vel
dez	número cardinal	[dez]
dez	nome masculino	[dez]
dez	adjetivo	[dez]
dez-e-um	nome masculino	[dez-e-um]
dez-réis	nome masculino	[dez-réis]
dezanove	número cardinal	de|za|[no]|ve
dezanove	nome masculino	de|za|[no]|ve
dezanove	adjetivo	de|za|[no]|ve
dezanovena	nome feminino	de|za|no|[ve]|na
dezasseis	número cardinal	de|zas|[seis]
dezasseis	adjetivo	de|zas|[seis]
dezasseis	nome masculino	de|zas|[seis]
dezassete	nome masculino	de|zas|[se]|te
dezassete	número cardinal	de|zas|[se]|te
dezassete	adjetivo	de|zas|[se]|te
dezembrino	adjetivo	de|zem|[bri]|no
dezembrismo	nome masculino	de|zem|[bris]|mo
dezembrista	adjetivo	de|zem|[bris]|ta
dezembrista	nome masculino	de|zem|[bris]|ta
dezembrista	nome feminino	de|zem|[bris]|ta
dezembro	nome masculino	de|[zem]|bro
dezena	nome feminino	de|[ze]|na
dezenove	adjetivo	de|ze|[no]|ve
dezenove	número cardinal	de|ze|[no]|ve
dezenove	nome masculino	de|ze|[no]|ve
dezesseis	adjetivo	de|zes|[seis]
dezesseis	número cardinal	de|zes|[seis]
dezesseis	nome masculino	de|zes|[seis]
dezessete	número cardinal	de|zes|[se]|te
dezessete	nome masculino	de|zes|[se]|te
dezessete	adjetivo	de|zes|[se]|te
dezoito	nome masculino	de|[zoi]|to
dezoito	número cardinal	de|[zoi]|to
dezoito	adjetivo	de|[zoi]|to
di-hibridismo	nome masculino	di-hi|bri|[dis]|mo
di-híbrido	adjetivo	di-hí|bri|do
di-hídrico	adjetivo	di-hí|dri|co
di-hidrite	nome feminino	di-hi|[dri]|te
dia	nome masculino	[di]|a
dia a dia	nome masculino	[di]|a a di|a
dia-santo	nome masculino	di|a-san|to
diaba	nome feminino	di|[a]|ba
diabada	nome feminino	di|a|[ba]|da
diábase	nome feminino	di|[á]|ba|se
diabásio	nome masculino	di|a|[bá]|si|o
diábatro	nome masculino	di|[á]|ba|tro
diabelha	nome feminino	di|a|[be]|lha
diabeta	nome masculino	di|a|[be]|ta
diabete	nome feminino	di|a|[be]|te
diabetes	nome feminino	di|a|[be]|tes
diabetes	nome masculino	di|a|[be]|tes
diabética	nome feminino	di|a|[bé]|ti|ca
diabético	nome masculino	di|a|[bé]|ti|co
diabético	adjetivo	di|a|[bé]|ti|co
diabetologia	nome feminino	di|a|be|to|lo|[gi]|a
diabetológico	adjetivo	di|a|be|to|[ló]|gi|co
diabetologista	adjetivo	di|a|be|to|lo|[gis]|ta
diabetologista	nome masculino	di|a|be|to|lo|[gis]|ta
diabetologista	nome feminino	di|a|be|to|lo|[gis]|ta
diabetólogo	nome masculino	di|a|be|[tó]|lo|go
diabetometria	nome feminino	di|a|be|to|me|[tri]|a
diabetométrico	adjetivo	di|a|be|to|[mé]|tri|co
diabetómetro	nome masculino	di|a|be|[tó]|me|tro
diabetômetro	nome masculino	di|a|be|[tô]|me|tro
diablinte	adjetivo	di|a|[blin]|te
diablinte	nome masculino	di|a|[blin]|te
diablinte	nome feminino	di|a|[blin]|te
diabo	nome masculino	di|[a]|bo
diabo	interjeição	di|[a]|bo
diabo-alma	nome masculino	di|a|bo-al|ma
diáboa	nome feminino	di|[á]|bo|a
diabolicamente	advérbio	di|a|bo|li|ca|[men]|te
diabólico	adjetivo	di|a|[bó]|li|co
diabolismo	nome masculino	di|a|bo|[lis]|mo
diabolização	nome feminino	di|a|bo|li|za|[ção]
diabolizar	verbo	di|a|bo|li|[zar]
diabótano	nome masculino	di|a|[bó]|ta|no
diabrete	nome masculino	di|a|[bre]|te
diabril	adjetivo	di|a|[bril]
diabrilmente	advérbio	di|a|bril|[men]|te
diabrino	adjetivo	di|a|[bri]|no
diabrose	nome feminino	di|a|[bro]|se
diabrótico	adjetivo	di|a|[bró]|ti|co
diabrura	nome feminino	di|a|[bru]|ra
diacálase	nome feminino	di|a|[cá]|la|se
diacanto	nome masculino	di|a|[can]|to
diacatolicão	nome masculino	di|a|ca|to|li|[cão]
diacáustico	adjetivo	di|a|[cáus]|ti|co
