diósmeo	adjetivo	di|[ós]|me|o
dioso	adjetivo	di|[o]|so
diospirácea	nome feminino	di|os|pi|[rá]|ce|a
diospireiro	nome masculino	di|os|pi|[rei]|ro
dióspiro	nome masculino	di|[ós]|pi|ro
diospiro	nome masculino	di|os|[pi]|ro
diospolitano	adjetivo	di|os|po|li|[ta]|no
diospolitano	nome masculino	di|os|po|li|[ta]|no
diostilo	nome masculino	di|os|[ti]|lo
diotia	nome feminino	di|o|[ti]|a
diótipo	nome masculino	di|[ó]|ti|po
dioxia	nome feminino	di|o|[xi]|a
dióxido	nome masculino	di|[ó]|xi|do
dioxina	nome feminino	di|o|[xi]|na
diperiantado	adjetivo	di|pe|ri|an|[ta]|do
dipétalo	adjetivo	di|[pé]|ta|lo
dipírrico	adjetivo	di|[pír]|ri|co
dipírrico	nome masculino	di|[pír]|ri|co
dipirríquio	adjetivo	di|pir|[rí]|qui|o
dipirríquio	nome masculino	di|pir|[rí]|qui|o
diplacusia	nome feminino	di|pla|cu|[si]|a
diplasiasmo	nome masculino	di|pla|si|[as]|mo
diplegia	nome feminino	di|ple|[gi]|a
diplégico	adjetivo	di|[plé]|gi|co
dipleiscópio	nome masculino	di|pleis|[có]|pi|o
diplidoscópio	nome masculino	di|pli|dos|[có]|pi|o
diplobionte	nome masculino	di|plo|bi|[on]|te
diplocardíaco	adjetivo	di|plo|car|[dí]|a|co
diplocefalia	nome feminino	di|plo|ce|fa|[li]|a
diplocéfalo	nome masculino	di|plo|[cé]|fa|lo
diplococo	nome masculino	di|plo|[co]|co
diplodoco	nome masculino	di|plo|[do]|co
díploe	nome feminino	[dí]|plo|e
diploedro	nome masculino	di|plo|[e]|dro
diplófase	nome feminino	di|[pló]|fa|se
diplofonia	nome feminino	di|plo|fo|[ni]|a
diplofônico	adjetivo	di|plo|[fô]|ni|co
diplofónico	adjetivo	di|plo|[fó]|ni|co
diplogastria	nome feminino	di|plo|gas|[tri]|a
diplogênese	nome feminino	di|plo|[gê]|ne|se
diplogénese	nome feminino	di|plo|[gé]|ne|se
diplogenético	adjetivo	di|plo|ge|[né]|ti|co
diploico	adjetivo	di|[ploi]|co
diploico	nome masculino	di|[ploi]|co
diploide	nome masculino	di|[ploi]|de
diploide	adjetivo	di|[ploi]|de
diploidia	nome feminino	di|ploi|[di]|a
diploma	nome masculino	di|[plo]|ma
diplomacia	nome feminino	di|plo|ma|[ci]|a
diplomada	nome feminino	di|plo|[ma]|da
diplomado	adjetivo	di|plo|[ma]|do
diplomado	nome masculino	di|plo|[ma]|do
diplomando	nome masculino	di|plo|[man]|do
diplomar	verbo	di|plo|[mar]
diplomata	nome masculino	di|plo|[ma]|ta
diplomata	nome feminino	di|plo|[ma]|ta
diplomática	nome feminino	di|plo|[má]|ti|ca
diplomaticamente	advérbio	di|plo|ma|ti|ca|[men]|te
diplomático	adjetivo	di|plo|[má]|ti|co
diplomatista	nome masculino	di|plo|ma|[tis]|ta
diplomatista	nome feminino	di|plo|ma|[tis]|ta
diplomatizar	verbo	di|plo|ma|ti|[zar]
diplonema	nome masculino	di|plo|[ne]|ma
diplonte	nome masculino	di|[plon]|te
diplopia	nome feminino	di|plo|[pi]|a
diplópode	nome masculino	di|[pló]|po|de
diplóptero	adjetivo	di|[plóp]|te|ro
diplóptero	nome masculino	di|[plóp]|te|ro
diploscópio	nome masculino	di|plos|[có]|pi|o
diplossomia	nome feminino	di|plos|so|[mi]|a
diplossomo	adjetivo	di|plos|[so]|mo
diplostêmone	adjetivo	di|plos|[tê]|mo|ne
diplostémone	adjetivo	di|plos|[té]|mo|ne
diploteno	nome masculino	di|plo|[te]|no
dipneu	nome masculino	dip|[neu]
dipnêumone	nome masculino	dip|[nêu]|mo|ne
dipnêumone	adjetivo	dip|[nêu]|mo|ne
dipneumôneo	adjetivo	dip|neu|[mô]|ne|o
dipneumóneo	adjetivo	dip|neu|[mó]|ne|o
dipneusta	nome masculino	dip|[neus]|ta
dipnoico	adjetivo	dip|[noi]|co
dipnoico	nome masculino	dip|[noi]|co
dípode	adjetivo	[dí]|po|de
dipodia	nome feminino	di|po|[di]|a
dipolar	adjetivo	di|po|[lar]
dipolitano	adjetivo	di|po|li|[ta]|no
dipolitano	nome masculino	di|po|li|[ta]|no
dipolo	nome masculino	di|[po]|lo
dípolo	nome masculino	[dí]|po|lo
diprismático	adjetivo	di|pris|[má]|ti|co
diprosopo	nome masculino	di|pro|[so]|po
diprótico	adjetivo	di|[pró]|ti|co
dipsacácea	nome feminino	dip|sa|[cá]|ce|a
dipsacáceo	adjetivo	dip|sa|[cá]|ce|o
dipsácea	nome feminino	dip|[sá]|ce|a
dipsáceo	adjetivo	dip|[sá]|ce|o
dípsaco	nome masculino	[díp]|sa|co
dipsético	adjetivo	dip|[sé]|ti|co
dipsomania	nome feminino	dip|so|ma|[ni]|a
dipsomaníaco	nome masculino	dip|so|ma|[ní]|a|co
