disacústico	nome masculino	di|sa|[cús]|ti|co
disafia	nome feminino	di|sa|[fi]|a
disáfico	adjetivo	di|[sá]|fi|co
disartria	nome feminino	di|sar|[tri]|a
disártrico	adjetivo	di|[sár]|tri|co
disbasia	nome feminino	dis|ba|[si]|a
disbásico	adjetivo	dis|[bá]|si|co
disbático	adjetivo	dis|[bá]|ti|co
disbulia	nome feminino	dis|bu|[li]|a
disbúlico	adjetivo	dis|[bú]|li|co
disc-jockey	nome masculino	disc-joc|key
discal	adjetivo	dis|[cal]
discalculia	nome feminino	dis|cal|cu|[li]|a
discar	verbo	dis|[car]
discedente	adjetivo	dis|ce|[den]|te
discedente	nome masculino	dis|ce|[den]|te
discência	nome feminino	dis|[cên]|ci|a
discente	adjetivo	dis|[cen]|te
discente	nome masculino	dis|[cen]|te
discente	nome feminino	dis|[cen]|te
disceptação	nome feminino	dis|cep|ta|[ção]
discernente	adjetivo	dis|cer|[nen]|te
discernículo	nome masculino	dis|cer|[ní]|cu|lo
discernimento	nome masculino	dis|cer|ni|[men]|to
discernir	verbo	dis|cer|[nir]
discernível	adjetivo	dis|cer|[ní]|vel
discífero	adjetivo	dis|[cí]|fe|ro
discifloro	adjetivo	dis|ci|[flo]|ro
disciforme	adjetivo	dis|ci|[for]|me
discinesia	nome feminino	dis|ci|ne|[si]|a
discinético	adjetivo	dis|ci|[né]|ti|co
disciplina	nome feminino	dis|ci|[pli]|na
disciplinação	nome feminino	dis|ci|pli|na|[ção]
disciplinadamente	advérbio	dis|ci|pli|na|da|[men]|te
disciplinado	adjetivo	dis|ci|pli|[na]|do
disciplinador	adjetivo	dis|ci|pli|na|[dor]
disciplinador	nome masculino	dis|ci|pli|na|[dor]
disciplinadora	nome feminino	dis|ci|pli|na|[do]|ra
disciplinamento	nome masculino	dis|ci|pli|na|[men]|to
disciplinante	adjetivo	dis|ci|pli|[nan]|te
disciplinante	nome masculino	dis|ci|pli|[nan]|te
disciplinante	nome feminino	dis|ci|pli|[nan]|te
disciplinar	verbo	dis|ci|pli|[nar]
disciplinar	adjetivo	dis|ci|pli|[nar]
disciplinarmente	advérbio	dis|ci|pli|nar|[men]|te
disciplinável	adjetivo	dis|ci|pli|[ná]|vel
discípula	nome feminino	dis|[cí]|pu|la
discipulado	nome masculino	dis|ci|pu|[la]|do
discipulato	nome masculino	dis|ci|pu|[la]|to
discípulo	nome masculino	dis|[cí]|pu|lo
discípulo	adjetivo	dis|[cí]|pu|lo
discissão	nome feminino	dis|cis|[são]
disclusão	nome feminino	dis|clu|[são]
discluso	adjetivo	dis|[clu]|so
discman	nome masculino	[disc]|man
disco	nome masculino	[dis]|co
disco-jockey	nome masculino	dis|co-joc|key
disco-jockey	nome feminino	dis|co-joc|key
disco-jóquei	nome masculino	dis|co-jó|quei
disco-jóquei	nome feminino	dis|co-jó|quei
discóbolo	nome masculino	dis|[có]|bo|lo
discodáctilo	adjetivo	dis|co|[dác]|ti|lo
discodáctilo	nome masculino	dis|co|[dác]|ti|lo
discófilo	adjetivo	dis|[có]|fi|lo
discófilo	nome masculino	dis|[có]|fi|lo
discografia	nome feminino	dis|co|gra|[fi]|a
discográfico	adjetivo	dis|co|[grá]|fi|co
discoide	adjetivo	dis|[coi]|de
díscola	nome feminino	[dís]|co|la
díscolo	adjetivo	[dís]|co|lo
díscolo	nome masculino	[dís]|co|lo
discomicete	adjetivo	dis|co|mi|[ce]|te
discomicete	nome masculino	dis|co|mi|[ce]|te
discondroplasia	nome feminino	dis|con|dro|pla|[si]|a
discopatia	nome feminino	dis|co|pa|[ti]|a
discordância	nome feminino	dis|cor|[dân]|ci|a
discordante	adjetivo	dis|cor|[dan]|te
discordar	verbo	dis|cor|[dar]
discorde	adjetivo	dis|[cor]|de
discordemente	advérbio	dis|cor|de|[men]|te
discórdia	nome feminino	dis|[cór]|di|a
discordo	nome masculino	dis|[cor]|do
discorrência	nome feminino	dis|cor|[rên]|ci|a
discorrer	verbo	dis|cor|[rer]
discorrimento	nome masculino	dis|cor|ri|[men]|to
discoteca	nome feminino	dis|co|[te]|ca
discrasia	nome feminino	dis|cra|[si]|a
discrásico	nome masculino	dis|[crá]|si|co
discrásico	adjetivo	dis|[crá]|si|co
discrático	adjetivo	dis|[crá]|ti|co
discrepância	nome feminino	dis|cre|[pân]|ci|a
discrepante	adjetivo	dis|cre|[pan]|te
discrepar	verbo	dis|cre|[par]
discreta	nome feminino	dis|[cre]|ta
discretamente	advérbio	dis|cre|ta|[men]|te
discreteador	nome masculino	dis|cre|te|a|[dor]
discretear	verbo	dis|cre|te|[ar]
discretíssimo	adjetivo	dis|cre|[tís]|si|mo
discretivo	adjetivo	dis|cre|[ti]|vo
discreto	adjetivo	dis|[cre]|to
