discreto	nome masculino	dis|[cre]|to
discretório	nome masculino	dis|cre|[tó]|ri|o
discrição	nome feminino	dis|cri|[ção]
discricional	adjetivo	dis|cri|ci|o|[nal]
discricionariamente	advérbio	dis|cri|ci|o|na|ri|a|[men]|te
discricionariedade	nome feminino	dis|cri|ci|o|na|ri|e|[da]|de
discricionário	adjetivo	dis|cri|ci|o|[ná]|ri|o
discrime	nome masculino	dis|[cri]|me
discrímen	nome masculino	dis|[crí]|men
discriminação	nome feminino	dis|cri|mi|na|[ção]
discriminadamente	advérbio	dis|cri|mi|na|da|[men]|te
discriminado	adjetivo	dis|cri|mi|[na]|do
discriminador	adjetivo	dis|cri|mi|na|[dor]
discriminador	nome masculino	dis|cri|mi|na|[dor]
discriminadora	nome feminino	dis|cri|mi|na|[do]|ra
discriminal	adjetivo	dis|cri|mi|[nal]
discriminante	adjetivo	dis|cri|mi|[nan]|te
discriminar	verbo	dis|cri|mi|[nar]
discriminativo	adjetivo	dis|cri|mi|na|[ti]|vo
discriminatório	adjetivo	dis|cri|mi|na|[tó]|ri|o
discriminável	adjetivo	dis|cri|mi|[ná]|vel
discromático	adjetivo	dis|cro|[má]|ti|co
discromatismo	nome masculino	dis|cro|ma|[tis]|mo
discromatopsia	nome feminino	dis|cro|ma|top|[si]|a
discromatópsico	adjetivo	dis|cro|ma|[tóp]|si|co
discromatoso	adjetivo	dis|cro|ma|[to]|so
discromatoso	nome masculino	dis|cro|ma|[to]|so
discromia	nome feminino	dis|cro|[mi]|a
discrômico	adjetivo	dis|[crô]|mi|co
discrómico	adjetivo	dis|[cró]|mi|co
discursador	adjetivo	dis|cur|sa|[dor]
discursador	nome masculino	dis|cur|sa|[dor]
discursadora	nome feminino	dis|cur|sa|[do]|ra
discursar	verbo	dis|cur|[sar]
discursata	nome feminino	dis|cur|[sa]|ta
discurseira	nome feminino	dis|cur|[sei]|ra
discursista	nome masculino	dis|cur|[sis]|ta
discursista	nome feminino	dis|cur|[sis]|ta
discursivamente	advérbio	dis|cur|si|va|[men]|te
discursividade	nome feminino	dis|cur|si|vi|[da]|de
discursivo	adjetivo	dis|cur|[si]|vo
discurso	nome masculino	dis|[cur]|so
discussão	nome feminino	dis|cus|[são]
discutição	nome feminino	dis|cu|ti|[ção]
discutido	adjetivo	dis|cu|[ti]|do
discutidor	adjetivo	dis|cu|ti|[dor]
discutidor	nome masculino	dis|cu|ti|[dor]
discutir	verbo	dis|cu|[tir]
discutível	adjetivo	dis|cu|[tí]|vel
disdangudo	adjetivo	dis|dan|[gu]|do
disdipsia	nome feminino	dis|dip|[si]|a
disemia	nome feminino	di|se|[mi]|a
disémico	adjetivo	di|[sé]|mi|co
disêmico	adjetivo	di|[sê]|mi|co
disenteria	nome feminino	di|sen|te|[ri]|a
disentérica	nome feminino	di|sen|[té]|ri|ca
disentérico	adjetivo	di|sen|[té]|ri|co
disentérico	nome masculino	di|sen|[té]|ri|co
disepatia	nome feminino	di|se|pa|[ti]|a
disepático	adjetivo	di|se|[pá]|ti|co
diserto	adjetivo	di|[ser]|to
disestesia	nome feminino	di|ses|te|[si]|a
disestésico	adjetivo	di|ses|[té]|si|co
disestético	adjetivo	di|ses|[té]|ti|co
diseur	nome masculino	di|se|[ur]
disfagia	nome feminino	dis|fa|[gi]|a
disfágico	adjetivo	dis|[fá]|gi|co
disfágico	nome masculino	dis|[fá]|gi|co
disfarçada	nome feminino	dis|far|[ça]|da
disfarçadamente	advérbio	dis|far|ça|da|[men]|te
disfarçado	adjetivo	dis|far|[ça]|do
disfarçado	nome masculino	dis|far|[ça]|do
disfarçar	verbo	dis|far|[çar]
disfarçável	adjetivo	dis|far|[çá]|vel
disfarce	nome masculino	dis|[far]|ce
disfasia	nome feminino	dis|fa|[si]|a
disfásico	adjetivo	dis|[fá]|si|co
disfásico	nome masculino	dis|[fá]|si|co
disfático	adjetivo	dis|[fá]|ti|co
disfemia	nome feminino	dis|fe|[mi]|a
disfêmico	adjetivo	dis|[fê]|mi|co
disfêmico	nome masculino	dis|[fê]|mi|co
disfémico	adjetivo	dis|[fé]|mi|co
disfémico	nome masculino	dis|[fé]|mi|co
disfemismo	nome masculino	dis|fe|[mis]|mo
disfemístico	adjetivo	dis|fe|[mís]|ti|co
disferir	verbo	dis|fe|[rir]
disfonia	nome feminino	dis|fo|[ni]|a
disfônico	adjetivo	dis|[fô]|ni|co
disfónico	adjetivo	dis|[fó]|ni|co
dísfono	adjetivo	[dís]|fo|no
disforia	nome feminino	dis|fo|[ri]|a
disfórico	adjetivo	dis|[fó]|ri|co
disformar	verbo	dis|for|[mar]
disforme	adjetivo	dis|[for]|me
disformemente	advérbio	dis|for|me|[men]|te
disformidade	nome feminino	dis|for|mi|[da]|de
disfunção	nome feminino	dis|fun|[ção]
disfuncional	adjetivo	dis|fun|ci|o|[nal]
disfuncionalidade	nome feminino	dis|fun|ci|o|na|li|[da]|de
