disgenesia	nome feminino	dis|ge|ne|[si]|a
disgenésico	adjetivo	dis|ge|[né]|si|co
disgenético	adjetivo	dis|ge|[né]|ti|co
disgénico	adjetivo	dis|[gé]|ni|co
disgénico	nome masculino	dis|[gé]|ni|co
disgênico	adjetivo	dis|[gê]|ni|co
disgênico	nome masculino	dis|[gê]|ni|co
disgnosia	nome feminino	disg|no|[si]|a
disgnóstico	adjetivo	disg|[nós]|ti|co
disgrafia	nome feminino	dis|gra|[fi]|a
disgregação	nome feminino	dis|gre|ga|[ção]
disgregar	verbo	dis|gre|[gar]
disgregativo	adjetivo	dis|gre|ga|[ti]|vo
disidria	nome feminino	di|si|[dri]|a
disidrose	nome feminino	di|si|[dro]|se
disidrótico	adjetivo	di|si|[dró]|ti|co
disjunção	nome feminino	dis|jun|[ção]
disjungir	verbo	dis|jun|[gir]
disjunta	nome feminino	dis|[jun]|ta
disjuntar	verbo	dis|jun|[tar]
disjuntiva	nome feminino	dis|jun|[ti]|va
disjuntivamente	advérbio	dis|jun|ti|va|[men]|te
disjuntivo	adjetivo	dis|jun|[ti]|vo
disjunto	adjetivo	dis|[jun]|to
disjuntor	nome masculino	dis|jun|[tor]
disjuntor	adjetivo	dis|jun|[tor]
diskette	nome feminino	dis|ket|te
dislalia	nome feminino	dis|la|[li]|a
dislália	nome feminino	dis|[lá]|li|a
dislálico	adjetivo	dis|[lá]|li|co
dislálico	nome masculino	dis|[lá]|li|co
dislate	nome masculino	dis|[la]|te
disléctico	adjetivo	dis|[léc]|ti|co
dislético	adjetivo	dis|[lé]|ti|co
dislexia	nome feminino	dis|le|[xi]|a
disléxica	nome feminino	dis|[lé]|xi|ca
disléxico	nome masculino	dis|[lé]|xi|co
disléxico	adjetivo	dis|[lé]|xi|co
dislogia	nome feminino	dis|lo|[gi]|a
dislógico	adjetivo	dis|[ló]|gi|co
dislógico	nome masculino	dis|[ló]|gi|co
dislogístico	adjetivo	dis|lo|[gís]|ti|co
disloquia	nome feminino	dis|lo|[qui]|a
dismenia	nome feminino	dis|me|[ni]|a
dismenorreia	nome feminino	dis|me|nor|[rei]|a
dismenorreico	adjetivo	dis|me|nor|[rei]|co
dismetria	nome feminino	dis|me|[tri]|a
dismnésia	nome feminino	dism|[né]|si|a
dismnesia	nome feminino	dism|ne|[si]|a
dismnésico	adjetivo	dism|[né]|si|co
dismnéstico	adjetivo	dism|[nés]|ti|co
dismorfia	nome feminino	dis|mor|[fi]|a
dismorfo	adjetivo	dis|[mor]|fo
dismorfofobia	nome feminino	dis|mor|fo|fo|[bi]|a
dismorfopsia	nome feminino	dis|mor|fop|[si]|a
dismorfose	nome feminino	dis|mor|[fo]|se
disna	nome feminino	[dis]|na
disnervado	adjetivo	dis|ner|[va]|do
disnusia	nome feminino	dis|nu|[si]|a
disodia	nome feminino	di|so|[di]|a
disódico	adjetivo	di|[só]|di|co
disombe	nome masculino	di|[som]|be
disomeósio	nome masculino	di|so|me|[ó]|si|o
disopia	nome feminino	di|so|[pi]|a
disópico	adjetivo	di|[só]|pi|co
disoréctico	adjetivo	di|so|[réc]|ti|co
disorético	adjetivo	di|so|[ré]|ti|co
disorexia	nome feminino	di|so|re|[xi]|a
disoréxico	adjetivo	di|so|[ré]|xi|co
disoréxico	nome masculino	di|so|[ré]|xi|co
disortografia	nome feminino	di|sor|to|gra|[fi]|a
disortográfico	nome masculino	di|sor|to|[grá]|fi|co
disortográfico	adjetivo	di|sor|to|[grá]|fi|co
disosmia	nome feminino	di|sos|[mi]|a
disósmico	adjetivo	di|[sós]|mi|co
disosteose	nome feminino	di|sos|te|[o]|se
disostose	nome feminino	di|sos|[to]|se
díspar	adjetivo	[dís]|par
disparada	nome feminino	dis|pa|[ra]|da
disparado	adjetivo	dis|pa|[ra]|do
disparado	advérbio	dis|pa|[ra]|do
disparador	nome masculino	dis|pa|ra|[dor]
disparador	adjetivo	dis|pa|ra|[dor]
disparar	verbo	dis|pa|[rar]
disparatada	nome feminino	dis|pa|ra|[ta]|da
disparatadamente	advérbio	dis|pa|ra|ta|da|[men]|te
disparatado	adjetivo	dis|pa|ra|[ta]|do
disparatado	nome masculino	dis|pa|ra|[ta]|do
disparatar	verbo	dis|pa|ra|[tar]
disparate	nome masculino	dis|pa|[ra]|te
disparável	adjetivo	dis|pa|[rá]|vel
dispareunia	nome feminino	dis|pa|reu|[ni]|a
disparidade	nome feminino	dis|pa|ri|[da]|de
disparissonante	adjetivo	dis|pa|ris|so|[nan]|te
disparo	nome masculino	dis|[pa]|ro
dispartir	verbo	dis|par|[tir]
dispêndio	nome masculino	dis|[pên]|di|o
dispendiosamente	advérbio	dis|pen|di|o|sa|[men]|te
dispendiosidade	nome feminino	dis|pen|di|o|si|[da]|de
dispendioso	adjetivo	dis|pen|di|[o]|so
