dissecador	nome masculino	dis|se|ca|[dor]
dissecante	adjetivo	dis|se|[can]|te
disseção	nome feminino	dis|se|[ção]
dissecar	verbo	dis|se|[car]
dissecável	adjetivo	dis|se|[cá]|vel
dissecção	nome feminino	dis|sec|[ção]
dissectivo	adjetivo	dis|sec|[ti]|vo
dissector	nome masculino	dis|sec|[tor]
dissemelhança	nome feminino	dis|se|me|[lhan]|ça
dissemelhante	adjetivo	dis|se|me|[lhan]|te
dissemelhantemente	advérbio	dis|se|me|lhan|te|[men]|te
dissemelhar	verbo	dis|se|me|[lhar]
dissemelhável	adjetivo	dis|se|me|[lhá]|vel
dissemia	nome feminino	dis|se|[mi]|a
dissêmico	adjetivo	dis|[sê]|mi|co
dissémico	adjetivo	dis|[sé]|mi|co
disseminação	nome feminino	dis|se|mi|na|[ção]
disseminador	adjetivo	dis|se|mi|na|[dor]
disseminador	nome masculino	dis|se|mi|na|[dor]
disseminar	verbo	dis|se|mi|[nar]
disseminável	adjetivo	dis|se|mi|[ná]|vel
dissensão	nome feminino	dis|sen|[são]
dissenso	nome masculino	dis|[sen]|so
dissentâneo	adjetivo	dis|sen|[tâ]|ne|o
dissentimento	nome masculino	dis|sen|ti|[men]|to
dissentir	verbo	dis|sen|[tir]
dissépalo	adjetivo	dis|[sé]|pa|lo
dissertação	nome feminino	dis|ser|ta|[ção]
dissertador	adjetivo	dis|ser|ta|[dor]
dissertador	nome masculino	dis|ser|ta|[dor]
dissertadora	nome feminino	dis|ser|ta|[do]|ra
dissertante	adjetivo	dis|ser|[tan]|te
dissertante	nome masculino	dis|ser|[tan]|te
dissertante	nome feminino	dis|ser|[tan]|te
dissertar	verbo	dis|ser|[tar]
dissertativo	adjetivo	dis|ser|ta|[ti]|vo
dissessa	nome feminino	dis|[ses]|sa
dissetivo	adjetivo	dis|se|[ti]|vo
dissetor	nome masculino	dis|se|[tor]
dissidência	nome feminino	dis|si|[dên]|ci|a
dissidente	adjetivo	dis|si|[den]|te
dissidente	nome masculino	dis|si|[den]|te
dissidente	nome feminino	dis|si|[den]|te
dissidiar	verbo	dis|si|di|[ar]
dissídio	nome masculino	dis|[sí]|di|o
dissidir	verbo	dis|si|[dir]
dissilabicamente	advérbio	dis|si|la|bi|ca|[men]|te
dissilábico	adjetivo	dis|si|[lá]|bi|co
dissilabismo	nome masculino	dis|si|la|[bis]|mo
dissílabo	adjetivo	dis|[sí]|la|bo
dissílabo	nome masculino	dis|[sí]|la|bo
dissimetria	nome feminino	dis|si|me|[tri]|a
dissimetricamente	advérbio	dis|si|me|tri|ca|[men]|te
dissimétrico	adjetivo	dis|si|[mé]|tri|co
dissímil	adjetivo	dis|[sí]|mil
dissimilação	nome feminino	dis|si|mi|la|[ção]
dissimilador	adjetivo	dis|si|mi|la|[dor]
dissimilante	adjetivo	dis|si|mi|[lan]|te
dissimilar	adjetivo	dis|si|mi|[lar]
dissimilar	verbo	dis|si|mi|[lar]
dissimilável	adjetivo	dis|si|mi|[lá]|vel
dissimilitude	nome feminino	dis|si|mi|li|[tu]|de
dissimulação	nome feminino	dis|si|mu|la|[ção]
dissimulada	nome feminino	dis|si|mu|[la]|da
dissimuladamente	advérbio	dis|si|mu|la|da|[men]|te
dissimulado	adjetivo	dis|si|mu|[la]|do
dissimulado	nome masculino	dis|si|mu|[la]|do
dissimulador	adjetivo	dis|si|mu|la|[dor]
dissimulador	nome masculino	dis|si|mu|la|[dor]
dissimuladora	nome feminino	dis|si|mu|la|[do]|ra
dissimulante	adjetivo	dis|si|mu|[lan]|te
dissimular	verbo	dis|si|mu|[lar]
dissimulativo	adjetivo	dis|si|mu|la|[ti]|vo
dissimulatório	adjetivo	dis|si|mu|la|[tó]|ri|o
dissimulável	adjetivo	dis|si|mu|[lá]|vel
dissínclise	nome feminino	dis|[sín]|cli|se
dissipabilidade	nome feminino	dis|si|pa|bi|li|[da]|de
dissipação	nome feminino	dis|si|pa|[ção]
dissipado	adjetivo	dis|si|[pa]|do
dissipador	adjetivo	dis|si|pa|[dor]
dissipador	nome masculino	dis|si|pa|[dor]
dissipadora	nome feminino	dis|si|pa|[do]|ra
dissipar	verbo	dis|si|[par]
dissipativo	adjetivo	dis|si|pa|[ti]|vo
dissipável	adjetivo	dis|si|[pá]|vel
dissistolia	nome feminino	dis|sis|to|[li]|a
dissistólico	adjetivo	dis|sis|[tó]|li|co
disso	contração	[dis]|so
dissociabilidade	nome feminino	dis|so|ci|a|bi|li|[da]|de
dissociação	nome feminino	dis|so|ci|a|[ção]
dissociador	adjetivo	dis|so|ci|a|[dor]
dissociador	nome masculino	dis|so|ci|a|[dor]
dissocial	adjetivo	dis|so|ci|[al]
dissociar	verbo	dis|so|ci|[ar]
dissociativo	adjetivo	dis|so|ci|a|[ti]|vo
dissociável	adjetivo	dis|so|ci|[á]|vel
dissolubilidade	nome feminino	dis|so|lu|bi|li|[da]|de
dissolução	nome feminino	dis|so|lu|[ção]
dissolucionista	adjetivo	dis|so|lu|ci|o|[nis]|ta
dissolucionista	nome masculino	dis|so|lu|ci|o|[nis]|ta
