dissolucionista	nome feminino	dis|so|lu|ci|o|[nis]|ta
dissolutamente	advérbio	dis|so|lu|ta|[men]|te
dissolutivo	adjetivo	dis|so|lu|[ti]|vo
dissoluto	adjetivo	dis|so|[lu]|to
dissolúvel	adjetivo	dis|so|[lú]|vel
dissolvência	nome feminino	dis|sol|[vên]|ci|a
dissolvente	nome masculino	dis|sol|[ven]|te
dissolvente	adjetivo	dis|sol|[ven]|te
dissolvente	nome feminino	dis|sol|[ven]|te
dissolver	verbo	dis|sol|[ver]
dissolvido	adjetivo	dis|sol|[vi]|do
dissonância	nome feminino	dis|so|[nân]|ci|a
dissonante	adjetivo	dis|so|[nan]|te
dissonar	verbo	dis|so|[nar]
díssono	adjetivo	[dís]|so|no
dissonoro	adjetivo	dis|so|[no]|ro
dissuadido	adjetivo	dis|su|a|[di]|do
dissuadir	verbo	dis|su|a|[dir]
dissuasão	nome feminino	dis|su|a|[são]
dissuasivo	adjetivo	dis|su|a|[si]|vo
dissuasor	adjetivo	dis|su|a|[sor]
dissuasor	nome masculino	dis|su|a|[sor]
dissuasora	nome feminino	dis|su|a|[so]|ra
dissuasório	adjetivo	dis|su|a|[só]|ri|o
dissulfato	nome masculino	dis|sul|[fa]|to
dissulfúrico	adjetivo	dis|sul|[fú]|ri|co
distáctico	adjetivo	dis|[tác]|ti|co
distal	adjetivo	dis|[tal]
distanásia	nome feminino	dis|ta|[ná]|si|a
distância	nome feminino	dis|[tân]|ci|a
distanciação	nome feminino	dis|tan|ci|a|[ção]
distanciador	adjetivo	dis|tan|ci|a|[dor]
distanciador	nome masculino	dis|tan|ci|a|[dor]
distanciamento	nome masculino	dis|tan|ci|a|[men]|to
distanciar	verbo	dis|tan|ci|[ar]
distanciável	adjetivo	dis|tan|ci|[á]|vel
distanciômetro	nome masculino	dis|tan|ci|[ô]|me|tro
distanciómetro	nome masculino	dis|tan|ci|[ó]|me|tro
distante	adjetivo	dis|[tan]|te
distar	verbo	dis|[tar]
distático	adjetivo	dis|[tá]|ti|co
distaxia	nome feminino	dis|ta|[xi]|a
distelasia	nome feminino	dis|te|la|[si]|a
distelazia	nome feminino	dis|te|la|[zi]|a
disteleologia	nome feminino	dis|te|le|o|lo|[gi]|a
disteleológico	adjetivo	dis|te|le|o|[ló]|gi|co
distémone	adjetivo	dis|[té]|mo|ne
distêmone	adjetivo	dis|[tê]|mo|ne
distena	nome feminino	dis|[te]|na
distender	verbo	dis|ten|[der]
distendido	adjetivo	dis|ten|[di]|do
distensão	nome feminino	dis|ten|[são]
distensibilidade	nome feminino	dis|ten|si|bi|li|[da]|de
distensível	adjetivo	dis|ten|[sí]|vel
distensivo	nome masculino	dis|ten|[si]|vo
distenso	adjetivo	dis|[ten]|so
distensor	adjetivo	dis|ten|[sor]
distensor	nome masculino	dis|ten|[sor]
distermasia	nome feminino	dis|ter|ma|[si]|a
disticado	adjetivo	dis|ti|[ca]|do
dístico	nome masculino	[dís]|ti|co
dístico	adjetivo	[dís]|ti|co
disticofilo	adjetivo	dis|ti|co|[fi]|lo
distilo	adjetivo	dis|[ti]|lo
distimia	nome feminino	dis|ti|[mi]|a
distinção	nome feminino	dis|tin|[ção]
distinguidor	adjetivo	dis|tin|gui|[dor]
distinguidor	nome masculino	dis|tin|gui|[dor]
distinguir	verbo	dis|tin|[guir]
distinguível	adjetivo	dis|tin|[guí]|vel
distintamente	advérbio	dis|tin|ta|[men]|te
distintivo	nome masculino	dis|tin|[ti]|vo
distintivo	adjetivo	dis|tin|[ti]|vo
distinto	adjetivo	dis|[tin]|to
distiquíase	nome feminino	dis|ti|[quí]|a|se
disto	contração	[dis]|to
distocia	nome feminino	dis|to|[ci]|a
distocíaco	adjetivo	dis|to|[cí]|a|co
distócico	adjetivo	dis|[tó]|ci|co
distomatose	nome feminino	dis|to|ma|[to]|se
distomíase	nome feminino	dis|to|[mí]|a|se
dístomo	nome masculino	[dís]|to|mo
dístomo	adjetivo	[dís]|to|mo
distonia	nome feminino	dis|to|[ni]|a
distónico	nome masculino	dis|[tó]|ni|co
distónico	adjetivo	dis|[tó]|ni|co
distônico	adjetivo	dis|[tô]|ni|co
distônico	nome masculino	dis|[tô]|ni|co
distopia	nome feminino	dis|to|[pi]|a
distópico	adjetivo	dis|[tó]|pi|co
distorção	nome feminino	dis|tor|[ção]
distorcer	verbo	dis|tor|[cer]
distorcido	adjetivo	dis|tor|[ci]|do
distorto	adjetivo	dis|[tor]|to
distração	nome feminino	dis|tra|[ção]
distráctil	adjetivo	dis|[trác]|til
distractivo	adjetivo	dis|trac|[ti]|vo
distraída	nome feminino	dis|tra|[í]|da
distraidamente	advérbio	dis|trai|da|[men]|te
distraído	adjetivo	dis|tra|[í]|do
