ganhó	nome masculino	ga|[nhó]
ganhó	nome feminino	ga|[nhó]
ganhoso	adjetivo	ga|[nho]|so
ganhotes	nome masculino	ga|[nho]|tes
ganhoto	nome masculino	ga|[nho]|to
ganhuça	nome feminino	ga|[nhu]|ça
ganhuço	nome masculino	ga|[nhu]|ço
ganhunça	nome feminino	ga|[nhun]|ça
ganiço	nome masculino	ga|[ni]|ço
ganiços	nome masculino	ga|[ni]|ços
ganideira	nome feminino	ga|ni|[dei]|ra
ganido	nome masculino	ga|[ni]|do
ganimedes	nome masculino	ga|ni|[me]|des
ganir	verbo	ga|[nir]
ganizar	verbo	ga|ni|[zar]
ganizes	nome masculino	ga|[ni]|zes
ganja	nome feminino	[gan]|ja
ganjá	nome masculino	gan|[já]
ganjento	adjetivo	gan|[jen]|to
ganjeta	adjetivo	gan|[je]|ta
ganjeta	nome masculino	gan|[je]|ta
ganjeta	nome feminino	gan|[je]|ta
ganofilite	nome feminino	ga|no|fi|[li]|te
ganoide	nome masculino	ga|[noi]|de
ganoide	adjetivo	ga|[noi]|de
gansão	nome masculino	gan|[são]
ganso	nome masculino	[gan]|so
ganso-bravo	nome masculino	gan|so-bra|vo
ganso-patola	nome masculino	gan|so-pa|[to]|la
ganta	nome feminino	[gan]|ta
ganza	nome feminino	[gan]|za
ganzá	nome masculino	gan|[zá]
ganzado	adjetivo	gan|[za]|do
ganzar	verbo	gan|[zar]
ganzepe	nome masculino	gan|[ze]|pe
ganzi	nome masculino	gan|[zi]
gão	nome masculino	[gão]
gap	nome feminino	[gap]
gaparuvu	nome masculino	ga|pa|ru|[vu]
gapeira	nome feminino	ga|[pei]|ra
gapinar	verbo	ga|pi|[nar]
gapira	nome feminino	ga|[pi]|ra
gapuia	nome feminino	ga|[pui]|a
gapuiador	nome masculino	ga|pui|a|[dor]
gapuiar	verbo	ga|pui|[ar]
gará	nome masculino	ga|[rá]
garabanho	nome masculino	ga|ra|[ba]|nho
garabano	nome masculino	ga|ra|[ba]|no
garabu	nome masculino	ga|ra|[bu]
garabulha	nome masculino	ga|ra|[bu]|lha
garabulha	nome feminino	ga|ra|[bu]|lha
garabulhar	verbo	ga|ra|bu|[lhar]
garabulhento	adjetivo	ga|ra|bu|[lhen]|to
garabulho	nome masculino	ga|ra|[bu]|lho
garafunhas	nome feminino	ga|ra|[fu]|nhas
garafunhos	nome masculino	ga|ra|[fu]|nhos
garagem	nome feminino	ga|[ra]|gem
garagista	nome masculino	ga|ra|[gis]|ta
garagista	nome feminino	ga|ra|[gis]|ta
garajão	nome masculino	ga|ra|[jão]
garajau	nome masculino	ga|ra|[jau]
garamante	adjetivo	ga|ra|[man]|te
garamante	nome masculino	ga|ra|[man]|te
garamante	nome feminino	ga|ra|[man]|te
garambuio	nome masculino	ga|ram|[bui]|o
garamufo	nome masculino	ga|ra|[mu]|fo
garança	nome feminino	ga|[ran]|ça
garançar	verbo	ga|ran|[çar]
garanceira	nome feminino	ga|ran|[cei]|ra
garancina	nome feminino	ga|ran|[ci]|na
garanganja	nome masculino	ga|ran|[gan]|ja
garanhão	nome masculino	ga|ra|[nhão]
garanhoto	nome masculino	ga|ra|[nho]|to
garanhum	adjetivo	ga|ra|[nhum]
garanhum	nome masculino	ga|ra|[nhum]
garanhum	nome feminino	ga|ra|[nhum]
garanjão	nome masculino	ga|ran|[jão]
garante	nome masculino	ga|[ran]|te
garante	nome feminino	ga|[ran]|te
garantia	nome feminino	ga|ran|[ti]|a
garantido	adjetivo	ga|ran|[ti]|do
garantidor	adjetivo	ga|ran|ti|[dor]
garantidor	nome masculino	ga|ran|ti|[dor]
garantir	verbo	ga|ran|[tir]
garantismo	nome masculino	ga|ran|[tis]|mo
garanvaz	nome masculino	ga|ran|[vaz]
garão	nome masculino	ga|[rão]
garapa	nome feminino	ga|[ra]|pa
garapau	nome masculino	ga|ra|[pau]
garapeira	nome feminino	ga|ra|[pei]|ra
garapeiro	nome masculino	ga|ra|[pei]|ro
garapu	nome masculino	ga|ra|[pu]
garatuja	nome feminino	ga|ra|[tu]|ja
garatujador	nome masculino	ga|ra|tu|ja|[dor]
garatujar	verbo	ga|ra|tu|[jar]
garatusa	nome feminino	ga|ra|[tu]|sa
garavalha	nome feminino	ga|ra|[va]|lha
garavanço	nome masculino	ga|ra|[van]|ço
garavato	nome masculino	ga|ra|[va]|to
garavetar	verbo	ga|ra|ve|[tar]
