gárgula	nome feminino	[gár]|gu|la
garguleira	nome feminino	gar|gu|[lei]|ra
gari	nome masculino	ga|[ri]
gari	nome feminino	ga|[ri]
garibalda	nome feminino	ga|ri|[bal]|da
garibalde	nome masculino	ga|ri|[bal]|de
garibáldi	nome masculino	ga|ri|[bál]|di
garibaldino	adjetivo	ga|ri|bal|[di]|no
garibaldino	nome masculino	ga|ri|bal|[di]|no
garidela	nome feminino	ga|ri|[de]|la
garimpa	nome feminino	ga|[rim]|pa
garimpagem	nome feminino	ga|rim|[pa]|gem
garimpar	verbo	ga|rim|[par]
garimpeiro	nome masculino	ga|rim|[pei]|ro
garimpo	nome masculino	ga|[rim]|po
garina	nome feminino	ga|[ri]|na
garinar	verbo	ga|ri|[nar]
garino	nome masculino	ga|[ri]|no
gariteiro	nome masculino	ga|ri|[tei]|ro
garito	nome masculino	ga|[ri]|to
garlindéu	nome masculino	gar|lin|[déu]
garlopa	nome feminino	gar|[lo]|pa
garnacha	nome feminino	gar|[na]|cha
garnacha	nome masculino	gar|[na]|cha
garnachão	adjetivo	gar|na|[chão]
garnachão	nome masculino	gar|na|[chão]
garnachice	nome feminino	gar|na|[chi]|ce
garnacho	nome masculino	gar|[na]|cho
garnear	verbo	gar|ne|[ar]
garnela	nome feminino	gar|[ne]|la
garnierita	nome feminino	gar|ni|e|[ri]|ta
garnierite	nome feminino	gar|ni|e|[ri]|te
garnimento	nome masculino	gar|ni|[men]|to
garnisé	nome masculino	gar|ni|[sé]
garnisé	adjetivo	gar|ni|[sé]
garo	nome masculino	[ga]|ro
garoa	nome feminino	ga|[ro]|a
garoar	verbo	ga|ro|[ar]
garoento	adjetivo	ga|ro|[en]|to
garota	nome feminino	ga|[ro]|ta
garotada	nome feminino	ga|ro|[ta]|da
garotagem	nome feminino	ga|ro|[ta]|gem
garotal	adjetivo	ga|ro|[tal]
garotar	verbo	ga|ro|[tar]
garotear	verbo	ga|ro|te|[ar]
garotelha	nome feminino	ga|ro|[te]|lha
garotelho	nome masculino	ga|ro|[te]|lho
garotete	nome masculino	ga|ro|[te]|te
garotice	nome feminino	ga|ro|[ti]|ce
garotil	nome masculino	ga|ro|[til]
garotito	nome masculino	ga|ro|[ti]|to
garoto	nome masculino	ga|[ro]|to
garoto	adjetivo	ga|[ro]|to
garotote	nome masculino	ga|ro|[to]|te
garoupa	nome feminino	ga|[rou]|pa
garoupa-preta	nome feminino	ga|rou|pa-pre|ta
garoupeira	nome feminino	ga|rou|[pei]|ra
garra	nome feminino	[gar]|ra
garra	adjetivo	[gar]|ra
garrafa	nome feminino	gar|[ra]|fa
garrafa-termo	nome feminino	gar|ra|fa-ter|mo
garrafada	nome feminino	gar|ra|[fa]|da
garrafal	adjetivo	gar|ra|[fal]
garrafão	nome masculino	gar|ra|[fão]
garrafaria	nome feminino	gar|ra|fa|[ri]|a
garrafeira	nome feminino	gar|ra|[fei]|ra
garrafeiro	adjetivo	gar|ra|[fei]|ro
garrafeiro	nome masculino	gar|ra|[fei]|ro
garrafinha	nome feminino	gar|ra|[fi]|nha
garragina	nome feminino	gar|ra|[gi]|na
garraiada	nome feminino	gar|rai|[a]|da
garraio	nome masculino	gar|[rai]|o
garrana	nome feminino	gar|[ra]|na
garrancha	nome feminino	gar|[ran]|cha
garranchada	nome feminino	gar|ran|[cha]|da
garranchar	verbo	gar|ran|[char]
garrancho	nome masculino	gar|[ran]|cho
garranchoso	adjetivo	gar|ran|[cho]|so
garranito	nome masculino	gar|ra|[ni]|to
garrano	nome masculino	gar|[ra]|no
garranto	nome masculino	gar|[ran]|to
garrão	nome masculino	gar|[rão]
garrar	verbo	gar|[rar]
garrau	nome masculino	gar|[rau]
garraz	nome masculino	gar|[raz]
garré	interjeição	gar|[ré]
garrear	verbo	gar|re|[ar]
garrenta	adjetivo	gar|[ren]|ta
garrento	adjetivo	gar|[ren]|to
garrento	nome masculino	gar|[ren]|to
garrettiana	nome feminino	gar|ret|ti|a|na
garrettiano	adjetivo	gar|ret|ti|a|no
garrettiano	nome masculino	gar|ret|ti|a|no
garrettismo	nome masculino	gar|ret|[tis]|mo
garrettista	adjetivo	gar|ret|[tis]|ta
garrettista	nome masculino	gar|ret|[tis]|ta
garrettista	nome feminino	gar|ret|[tis]|ta
garriça	nome feminino	gar|[ri]|ça
garriço	nome masculino	gar|[ri]|ço
garrida	nome feminino	gar|[ri]|da
