garridamente	advérbio	gar|ri|da|[men]|te
garridice	nome feminino	gar|ri|[di]|ce
garridismo	nome masculino	gar|ri|[dis]|mo
garrido	adjetivo	gar|[ri]|do
garril	nome masculino	gar|[ril]
garrincha	nome feminino	gar|[rin]|cha
garrinchão	nome masculino	gar|rin|[chão]
garrincho	nome masculino	gar|[rin]|cho
garrir	verbo	gar|[rir]
garro	nome masculino	[gar]|ro
garro	adjetivo	[gar]|ro
garroba	nome feminino	gar|[ro]|ba
garrocha	nome feminino	gar|[ro]|cha
garrochada	nome feminino	gar|ro|[cha]|da
garrochador	nome masculino	gar|ro|cha|[dor]
garrochão	nome masculino	gar|ro|[chão]
garrochar	verbo	gar|ro|[char]
garrocho	nome masculino	gar|[ro]|cho
garrota	nome feminino	gar|[ro]|ta
garrotar	verbo	gar|ro|[tar]
garrote	nome masculino	gar|[ro]|te
garrotear	verbo	gar|ro|te|[ar]
garrotilho	nome masculino	gar|ro|[ti]|lho
garrucha	nome feminino	gar|[ru]|cha
garruchar	verbo	gar|ru|[char]
garruchismo	nome masculino	gar|ru|[chis]|mo
garrucho	nome masculino	gar|[ru]|cho
garruço	nome masculino	gar|[ru]|ço
garrulamente	advérbio	gar|ru|la|[men]|te
garrular	verbo	gar|ru|[lar]
garrulice	nome feminino	gar|ru|[li]|ce
garrulidade	nome feminino	gar|ru|li|[da]|de
gárrulo	adjetivo	[gár]|ru|lo
gárrulo	nome masculino	[gár]|ru|lo
garruncho	nome masculino	gar|[run]|cho
garúmnico	adjetivo	ga|[rúm]|ni|co
garúmnico	nome masculino	ga|[rúm]|ni|co
garumno	adjetivo	ga|[rum]|no
garumno	nome masculino	ga|[rum]|no
garupa	nome feminino	ga|[ru]|pa
garupada	nome feminino	ga|ru|[pa]|da
garupeiro	nome masculino	ga|ru|[pei]|ro
garuva	nome feminino	ga|[ru]|va
garvaia	nome feminino	gar|[vai]|a
garzina	nome feminino	gar|[zi]|na
gás	nome masculino	[gás]
gás dos pântanos	nome masculino	gás dos pân|ta|nos
gás-mil	nome masculino	[gás-mil]
gasalhado	nome masculino	ga|sa|[lha]|do
gasalhamento	nome masculino	ga|sa|lha|[men]|to
gasalhar	verbo	ga|sa|[lhar]
gasalho	nome masculino	ga|[sa]|lho
gasalhosamente	advérbio	ga|sa|lho|sa|[men]|te
gasalhoso	adjetivo	ga|sa|[lho]|so
gascão	nome masculino	gas|[cão]
gascão	adjetivo	gas|[cão]
gascoa	nome feminino	gas|[co]|a
gascões	nome masculino	gas|[cões]
gasconada	nome feminino	gas|co|[na]|da
gaseado	adjetivo	ga|se|[a]|do
gaseado	nome masculino	ga|se|[a]|do
gaseamento	nome masculino	ga|se|a|[men]|to
gasear	verbo	ga|se|[ar]
gaseificação	nome feminino	ga|sei|fi|ca|[ção]
gaseificado	adjetivo	ga|sei|fi|[ca]|do
gaseificador	nome masculino	ga|sei|fi|ca|[dor]
gaseificador	adjetivo	ga|sei|fi|ca|[dor]
gaseificar	verbo	ga|sei|fi|[car]
gaseificável	adjetivo	ga|sei|fi|[cá]|vel
gaseiforme	adjetivo	ga|sei|[for]|me
gaseiro	nome masculino	ga|[sei]|ro
gasganete	nome masculino	gas|ga|[ne]|te
gasguete	nome masculino	gas|[gue]|te
gasguita	adjetivo	gas|[gui]|ta
gasguita	nome masculino	gas|[gui]|ta
gasguita	nome feminino	gas|[gui]|ta
gasguito	adjetivo	gas|[gui]|to
gasificação	nome feminino	ga|si|fi|ca|[ção]
gasificado	adjetivo	ga|si|fi|[ca]|do
gasificador	nome masculino	ga|si|fi|ca|[dor]
gasificador	adjetivo	ga|si|fi|ca|[dor]
gasificar	verbo	ga|si|fi|[car]
gasificável	adjetivo	ga|si|fi|[cá]|vel
gasiforme	adjetivo	ga|si|[for]|me
gasista	nome masculino	ga|[sis]|ta
gasista	nome feminino	ga|[sis]|ta
gasnate	nome masculino	gas|[na]|te
gasnete	nome masculino	gas|[ne]|te
gasocarbónico	adjetivo	ga|so|car|[bó]|ni|co
gasocarbônico	adjetivo	ga|so|car|[bô]|ni|co
gasoduto	nome masculino	ga|so|[du]|to
gasogênio	nome masculino	ga|so|[gê]|ni|o
gasogénio	nome masculino	ga|so|[gé]|ni|o
gasogenista	nome masculino	ga|so|ge|[nis]|ta
gasogenista	nome feminino	ga|so|ge|[nis]|ta
gasógeno	adjetivo	ga|[só]|ge|no
gasógeno	nome masculino	ga|[só]|ge|no
gasoleno	nome masculino	ga|so|[le]|no
gasóleo	nome masculino	ga|[só]|le|o
gasolina	nome feminino	ga|so|[li]|na
