gã	nome masculino	[gã]
gabação	nome feminino	ga|ba|[ção]
gabachista	nome masculino	ga|ba|[chis]|ta
gabachista	nome feminino	ga|ba|[chis]|ta
gabaço	nome masculino	ga|[ba]|ço
gabadela	nome feminino	ga|ba|[de]|la
gabadinho	adjetivo	ga|ba|[di]|nho
gabador	adjetivo	ga|ba|[dor]
gabador	nome masculino	ga|ba|[dor]
gabadora	nome feminino	ga|ba|[do]|ra
gabálico	adjetivo	ga|[bá]|li|co
gabalitano	adjetivo	ga|ba|li|[ta]|no
gabalitano	nome masculino	ga|ba|li|[ta]|no
gábalo	adjetivo	[gá]|ba|lo
gábalo	nome masculino	[gá]|ba|lo
gabamento	nome masculino	ga|ba|[men]|to
gabança	nome feminino	ga|[ban]|ça
gabanço	nome masculino	ga|[ban]|ço
gabanela	nome masculino	ga|ba|[ne]|la
gabanela	nome feminino	ga|ba|[ne]|la
gabanês	adjetivo	ga|ba|[nês]
gabanês	nome masculino	ga|ba|[nês]
gabão	nome masculino	ga|[bão]
gabaonita	adjetivo	ga|bao|[ni]|ta
gabaonita	nome masculino	ga|bao|[ni]|ta
gabaonita	nome feminino	ga|bao|[ni]|ta
gabar	verbo	ga|[bar]
gabardina	nome feminino	ga|bar|[di]|na
gabardine	nome feminino	ga|bar|[di]|ne
gabardo	nome masculino	ga|[bar]|do
gabari	nome masculino	ga|ba|[ri]
gabarito	nome masculino	ga|ba|[ri]|to
gabarola	adjetivo	ga|ba|[ro]|la
gabarola	nome masculino	ga|ba|[ro]|la
gabarola	nome feminino	ga|ba|[ro]|la
gabarolas	nome masculino	ga|ba|[ro]|las
gabarolice	nome feminino	ga|ba|ro|[li]|ce
gabarote	nome masculino	ga|ba|[ro]|te
gabarra	nome feminino	ga|[bar]|ra
gabarreiro	nome masculino	ga|bar|[rei]|ro
gabarrice	nome feminino	ga|bar|[ri]|ce
gabarrista	nome masculino	ga|bar|[ris]|ta
gabarrista	nome feminino	ga|bar|[ris]|ta
gabarro	nome masculino	ga|[bar]|ro
gabaru	nome masculino	ga|ba|[ru]
gabatório	nome masculino	ga|ba|[tó]|ri|o
gabável	adjetivo	ga|[bá]|vel
gabazola	adjetivo	ga|ba|[zo]|la
gabazola	nome masculino	ga|ba|[zo]|la
gabazola	nome feminino	ga|ba|[zo]|la
gabela	nome feminino	ga|[be]|la
gabelo	nome masculino	ga|[be]|lo
gabeno	nome masculino	ga|[be]|no
gabeno	adjetivo	ga|[be]|no
gábia	nome feminino	[gá]|bi|a
gabiagem	nome feminino	ga|bi|[a]|gem
gabião	nome masculino	ga|bi|[ão]
gabiar	verbo	ga|bi|[ar]
gabiarra	nome feminino	ga|bi|[ar]|ra
gabiense	adjetivo	ga|bi|[en]|se
gabiense	nome masculino	ga|bi|[en]|se
gabiense	nome feminino	ga|bi|[en]|se
gabinarda	nome feminino	ga|bi|[nar]|da
gabinardo	adjetivo	ga|bi|[nar]|do
gabinardo	nome masculino	ga|bi|[nar]|do
gabinete	nome masculino	ga|bi|[ne]|te
gabino	adjetivo	ga|[bi]|no
gabino	nome masculino	ga|[bi]|no
gabionada	nome feminino	ga|bi|o|[na]|da
gabionador	adjetivo	ga|bi|o|na|[dor]
gabionador	nome masculino	ga|bi|o|na|[dor]
gabionar	verbo	ga|bi|o|[nar]
gabiru	nome masculino	ga|bi|[ru]
gabiru	adjetivo	ga|bi|[ru]
gabo	nome masculino	[ga]|bo
gabola	nome feminino	ga|[bo]|la
gabolas	nome masculino	ga|[bo]|las
gabolas	nome feminino	ga|[bo]|las
gabolice	nome feminino	ga|bo|[li]|ce
gabona	nome feminino	ga|[bo]|na
gabonense	nome masculino	ga|bo|[nen]|se
gabonense	adjetivo	ga|bo|[nen]|se
gabonense	nome feminino	ga|bo|[nen]|se
gabonês	adjetivo	ga|bo|[nês]
gabonês	nome masculino	ga|bo|[nês]
gabordo	nome masculino	ga|[bor]|do
gabro	nome masculino	[ga]|bro
gabroico	adjetivo	ga|[broi]|co
gacha	nome feminino	[ga]|cha
gacheta	nome feminino	ga|[che]|ta
gacho	nome masculino	[ga]|cho
gachumbo	nome masculino	ga|[chum]|bo
gadachim	nome masculino	ga|da|[chim]
gadanha	nome feminino	ga|[da]|nha
gadanhada	nome feminino	ga|da|[nha]|da
gadanhar	verbo	ga|da|[nhar]
gadanheira	nome feminino	ga|da|[nhei]|ra
gadanheiro	nome masculino	ga|da|[nhei]|ro
gadanho	nome masculino	ga|[da]|nho
gadaria	nome feminino	ga|da|[ri]|a
