geniofaríngeo	adjetivo	ge|ni|o|fa|[rín]|ge|o
genioglosso	adjetivo	ge|ni|o|[glos]|so
genioplastia	nome feminino	ge|ni|o|plas|[ti]|a
genioplástico	adjetivo	ge|ni|o|[plás]|ti|co
genioso	adjetivo	ge|ni|[o]|so
genital	adjetivo	ge|ni|[tal]
genitália	nome feminino	ge|ni|[tá]|li|a
genitivo	adjetivo	ge|ni|[ti]|vo
genitivo	nome masculino	ge|ni|[ti]|vo
gênito	adjetivo	[gê]|ni|to
génito	adjetivo	[gé]|ni|to
génito	nome masculino	[gé]|ni|to
gênito	nome masculino	[gê]|ni|to
genitocrural	adjetivo	ge|ni|to|cru|[ral]
genitor	nome masculino	ge|ni|[tor]
genitospinal	adjetivo	ge|ni|tos|pi|[nal]
genitura	nome feminino	ge|ni|[tu]|ra
geniturinário	adjetivo	ge|ni|tu|ri|[ná]|ri|o
genocida	nome masculino	ge|no|[ci]|da
genocida	adjetivo	ge|no|[ci]|da
genocida	nome feminino	ge|no|[ci]|da
genocídio	nome masculino	ge|no|[cí]|di|o
genoês	adjetivo	ge|no|[ês]
genoês	nome masculino	ge|no|[ês]
genologia	nome feminino	ge|no|lo|[gi]|a
genológico	adjetivo	ge|no|[ló]|gi|co
genoma	nome masculino	ge|[no]|ma
genómica	nome feminino	ge|[nó]|mi|ca
genômica	nome feminino	ge|[nô]|mi|ca
genómico	adjetivo	ge|[nó]|mi|co
genômico	adjetivo	ge|[nô]|mi|co
genopatia	nome feminino	ge|no|pa|[ti]|a
genoplastia	nome feminino	ge|no|plas|[ti]|a
genoplástico	adjetivo	ge|no|[plás]|ti|co
genotexto	nome masculino	ge|no|[tex]|to
genótipo	nome masculino	ge|[nó]|ti|po
genovense	adjetivo	ge|no|[ven]|se
genovês	nome masculino	ge|no|[vês]
genovês	adjetivo	ge|no|[vês]
genovisco	adjetivo	ge|no|[vis]|co
genovisco	nome masculino	ge|no|[vis]|co
genreador	adjetivo	gen|re|a|[dor]
genrear	verbo	gen|re|[ar]
genro	nome masculino	[gen]|ro
gentaça	nome feminino	gen|[ta]|ça
gentalha	nome feminino	gen|[ta]|lha
gentama	nome feminino	gen|[ta]|ma
gentarada	nome feminino	gen|ta|[ra]|da
gente	nome feminino	[gen]|te
gentiaga	nome feminino	gen|ti|[a]|ga
gentil	adjetivo	gen|[til]
gentil	nome masculino	gen|[til]
gentil-homem	nome masculino	gen|til-ho|mem
gentil-homem	adjetivo	gen|til-ho|mem
gentileza	nome feminino	gen|ti|[le]|za
gentilicamente	advérbio	gen|ti|li|ca|[men]|te
gentilício	adjetivo	gen|ti|[lí]|ci|o
gentílico	nome masculino	gen|[tí]|li|co
gentílico	adjetivo	gen|[tí]|li|co
gentilidade	nome feminino	gen|ti|li|[da]|de
gentilismo	nome masculino	gen|ti|[lis]|mo
gentilizar	verbo	gen|ti|li|[zar]
gentilmente	advérbio	gen|til|[men]|te
gentinha	nome feminino	gen|[ti]|nha
gentio	adjetivo	gen|[ti]|o
gentio	nome masculino	gen|[ti]|o
gentleman	nome masculino	[gen]|tle|man
genuense	adjetivo	ge|nu|[en]|se
genuense	nome masculino	ge|nu|[en]|se
genuense	nome feminino	ge|nu|[en]|se
genuflectir	verbo	ge|nu|flec|[tir]
genuflector	adjetivo	ge|nu|flec|[tor]
genuflector	nome masculino	ge|nu|flec|[tor]
genuflectora	nome feminino	ge|nu|flec|[to]|ra
genufletir	verbo	ge|nu|fle|[tir]
genufletor	adjetivo	ge|nu|fle|[tor]
genufletor	nome masculino	ge|nu|fle|[tor]
genufletora	nome feminino	ge|nu|fle|[to]|ra
genuflexão	nome feminino	ge|nu|fle|[xão]
genuflexo	adjetivo	ge|nu|[fle]|xo
genuflexório	nome masculino	ge|nu|fle|[xó]|ri|o
genuinamente	advérbio	ge|nu|i|na|[men]|te
genuinidade	nome feminino	ge|nu|i|ni|[da]|de
genuíno	adjetivo	ge|nu|[í]|no
genusino	adjetivo	ge|nu|[si]|no
genusino	nome masculino	ge|nu|[si]|no
geo-história	nome feminino	ge|o-his|[tó]|ri|a
geoanticlinal	nome masculino	ge|o|an|ti|cli|[nal]
geobiologia	nome feminino	ge|o|bi|o|lo|[gi]|a
geobiológico	adjetivo	ge|o|bi|o|[ló]|gi|co
geobotânica	nome feminino	ge|o|bo|[tâ]|ni|ca
geobotânico	nome masculino	ge|o|bo|[tâ]|ni|co
geobotânico	adjetivo	ge|o|bo|[tâ]|ni|co
geocarpia	nome feminino	ge|o|car|[pi]|a
geocêntrico	adjetivo	ge|o|[cên]|tri|co
geocentrismo	nome masculino	ge|o|cen|[tris]|mo
geocentrista	nome masculino	ge|o|cen|[tris]|ta
geocentrista	nome feminino	ge|o|cen|[tris]|ta
geocíclico	adjetivo	ge|o|[cí]|cli|co
geociência	nome feminino	ge|o|ci|[ên]|ci|a
