geral	nome feminino	ge|[ral]
geralista	adjetivo	ge|ra|[lis]|ta
geralista	nome masculino	ge|ra|[lis]|ta
geralista	nome feminino	ge|ra|[lis]|ta
geralmente	advérbio	ge|ral|[men]|te
geraniácea	nome feminino	ge|ra|ni|[á]|ce|a
gerânio	nome masculino	ge|[râ]|ni|o
gerânio-sanguíneo	nome masculino	ge|râ|ni|o-san|guí|ne|o
gerar	verbo	ge|[rar]
gerárdia	nome feminino	ge|[rár]|di|a
geraseno	adjetivo	ge|ra|[se]|no
geraseno	nome masculino	ge|ra|[se]|no
gerativo	adjetivo	ge|ra|[ti]|vo
geratriz	nome feminino	ge|ra|[triz]
gerável	adjetivo	ge|[rá]|vel
gerbão	nome masculino	ger|[bão]
gerbera	nome feminino	ger|[be]|ra
gerbéria	nome feminino	ger|[bé]|ri|a
gerbo	nome masculino	[ger]|bo
gerecer	verbo	ge|re|[cer]
gerência	nome feminino	ge|[rên]|ci|a
gerenciar	verbo	ge|ren|ci|[ar]
gerente	nome masculino	ge|[ren]|te
gerente	adjetivo	ge|[ren]|te
gerente	nome feminino	ge|[ren]|te
geresano	adjetivo	ge|re|[sa]|no
geresano	nome masculino	ge|re|[sa]|no
geresão	adjetivo	ge|re|[são]
geresão	nome masculino	ge|re|[são]
geresiano	nome masculino	ge|re|si|[a]|no
geresiano	adjetivo	ge|re|si|[a]|no
geresina	nome feminino	ge|re|[si]|na
geresino	adjetivo	ge|re|[si]|no
geresino	nome masculino	ge|re|[si]|no
gereza	nome feminino	ge|[re]|za
gergelim	nome masculino	ger|ge|[lim]
gergeseu	adjetivo	ger|ge|[seu]
gergeseu	nome masculino	ger|ge|[seu]
gergilada	nome feminino	ger|gi|[la]|da
geriatra	nome masculino	ge|ri|[a]|tra
geriatra	nome feminino	ge|ri|[a]|tra
geriatria	nome feminino	ge|ri|a|[tri]|a
geriátrico	adjetivo	ge|ri|[á]|tri|co
geribanda	nome feminino	ge|ri|[ban]|da
geribé	nome masculino	ge|ri|[bé]
gerido	adjetivo	ge|[ri]|do
gerifalco	nome masculino	ge|ri|[fal]|co
gerifalte	nome masculino	ge|ri|[fal]|te
gerifalto	nome masculino	ge|ri|[fal]|to
gerigonça	nome feminino	ge|ri|[gon]|ça
gerigoto	adjetivo	ge|ri|[go]|to
geringonça	nome feminino	ge|rin|[gon]|ça
gerir	verbo	ge|[rir]
germana	nome feminino	ger|[ma]|na
germanada	nome feminino	ger|ma|[na]|da
germanado	adjetivo	ger|ma|[na]|do
germanal	adjetivo	ger|ma|[nal]
germanar	verbo	ger|ma|[nar]
germandreia	nome feminino	ger|man|[drei]|a
germania	nome feminino	ger|ma|[ni]|a
germânica	nome feminino	ger|[mâ]|ni|ca
germânicamente	advérbio	ger|[mâ]|ni|ca|men|te
germânico	nome masculino	ger|[mâ]|ni|co
germânico	adjetivo	ger|[mâ]|ni|co
germanicopolitano	adjetivo	ger|ma|ni|co|po|li|[ta]|no
germanicopolitano	nome masculino	ger|ma|ni|co|po|li|[ta]|no
germanidade	nome feminino	ger|ma|ni|[da]|de
germânio	nome masculino	ger|[mâ]|ni|o
germanismo	nome masculino	ger|ma|[nis]|mo
germanista	nome masculino	ger|ma|[nis]|ta
germanista	adjetivo	ger|ma|[nis]|ta
germanista	nome feminino	ger|ma|[nis]|ta
germanística	nome feminino	ger|ma|[nís]|ti|ca
germanístico	adjetivo	ger|ma|[nís]|ti|co
germanização	nome feminino	ger|ma|ni|za|[ção]
germanizar	verbo	ger|ma|ni|[zar]
germano	adjetivo	ger|[ma]|no
germano	nome masculino	ger|[ma]|no
germano-polaco	adjetivo	ger|ma|no-po|[la]|co
germano-soviético	adjetivo	ger|ma|no-so|vi|[é]|ti|co
germanófila	nome feminino	ger|ma|[nó]|fi|la
germanofilia	nome feminino	ger|ma|no|fi|[li]|a
germanófilo	nome masculino	ger|ma|[nó]|fi|lo
germanófilo	adjetivo	ger|ma|[nó]|fi|lo
germanófoba	nome feminino	ger|ma|[nó]|fo|ba
germanofobia	nome feminino	ger|ma|no|fo|[bi]|a
germanófobo	adjetivo	ger|ma|[nó]|fo|bo
germanófobo	nome masculino	ger|ma|[nó]|fo|bo
germanologia	nome feminino	ger|ma|no|lo|[gi]|a
germanológico	adjetivo	ger|ma|no|[ló]|gi|co
germanólogo	nome masculino	ger|ma|[nó]|lo|go
germão	nome masculino	ger|[mão]
germe	nome masculino	[ger]|me
gérmen	nome masculino	[gér]|men
germicida	adjetivo	ger|mi|[ci]|da
germinabilidade	nome feminino	ger|mi|na|bi|li|[da]|de
germinação	nome feminino	ger|mi|na|[ção]
germinadoiro	nome masculino	ger|mi|na|[doi]|ro
germinador	adjetivo	ger|mi|na|[dor]
germinador	nome masculino	ger|mi|na|[dor]
