glaciológico	adjetivo	gla|ci|o|[ló]|gi|co
glaciologista	nome masculino	gla|ci|o|lo|[gis]|ta
glaciologista	nome feminino	gla|ci|o|lo|[gis]|ta
gladiado	adjetivo	gla|di|[a]|do
gladiador	nome masculino	gla|di|a|[dor]
gladiadora	nome feminino	gla|di|a|[do]|ra
gladiar	verbo	gla|di|[ar]
gladiatório	adjetivo	gla|di|a|[tó]|ri|o
gladiatura	nome feminino	gla|di|a|[tu]|ra
gladífero	adjetivo	gla|[dí]|fe|ro
gladiforme	adjetivo	gla|di|[for]|me
gládio	nome masculino	[glá]|di|o
gladíolo	nome masculino	gla|[dí]|o|lo
glagolítico	adjetivo	gla|go|[lí]|ti|co
glaiadina	nome feminino	glai|a|[di]|na
glam	nome masculino	[glam]
glamoroso	adjetivo	gla|mo|[ro]|so
glamour	nome masculino	[gla]|mour
glamouroso	adjetivo	gla|mou|[ro]|so
glandado	adjetivo	glan|[da]|do
glande	nome feminino	[glan]|de
glandífero	adjetivo	glan|[dí]|fe|ro
glandiforme	adjetivo	glan|di|[for]|me
glandívoro	adjetivo	glan|[dí]|vo|ro
glândula	nome feminino	[glân]|du|la
glandulação	nome feminino	glan|du|la|[ção]
glandular	adjetivo	glan|du|[lar]
glandulífero	adjetivo	glan|du|[lí]|fe|ro
glanduliforme	adjetivo	glan|du|li|[for]|me
glandulina	nome feminino	glan|du|[li]|na
glanduloso	adjetivo	glan|du|[lo]|so
glasnost	nome feminino	[glas]|nost
glauberite	nome feminino	glau|be|[ri]|te
gláucia	nome feminino	[gláu]|ci|a
gláucico	adjetivo	[gláu]|ci|co
glaucina	nome feminino	glau|[ci]|na
gláucio	nome masculino	[gláu]|ci|o
glauco	adjetivo	[glau]|co
glaucófano	nome masculino	glau|[có]|fa|no
glaucofilo	adjetivo	glau|co|[fi]|lo
glaucólito	nome masculino	glau|[có]|li|to
glaucoma	nome masculino	glau|[co]|ma
glaucomatoso	adjetivo	glau|co|ma|[to]|so
glaucomatoso	nome masculino	glau|co|ma|[to]|so
glauconita	nome feminino	glau|co|[ni]|ta
glauconite	nome feminino	glau|co|[ni]|te
glaucope	nome masculino	glau|[co]|pe
glaucopicrina	nome feminino	glau|co|pi|[cri]|na
glaucopirite	nome feminino	glau|co|pi|[ri]|te
gleba	nome feminino	[gle]|ba
glebário	adjetivo	gle|[bá]|ri|o
glebário	nome masculino	gle|[bá]|ri|o
glena	nome feminino	[gle]|na
glenoidal	adjetivo	gle|noi|[dal]
glenoide	adjetivo	gle|[noi]|de
glenóideo	adjetivo	gle|[nói]|de|o
gleucométrico	adjetivo	gleu|co|[mé]|tri|co
gleucômetro	nome masculino	gleu|[cô]|me|tro
gleucómetro	nome masculino	gleu|[có]|me|tro
glia	nome feminino	[gli]|a
gliadina	nome feminino	gli|a|[di]|na
glial	adjetivo	gli|[al]
glibenclamida	nome feminino	gli|ben|cla|[mi]|da
glicato	nome masculino	gli|[ca]|to
glicemia	nome feminino	gli|ce|[mi]|a
glicémia	nome feminino	gli|[cé]|mi|a
glicémico	adjetivo	gli|[cé]|mi|co
glicêmico	adjetivo	gli|[cê]|mi|co
glícera	nome feminino	[glí]|ce|ra
glicerado	nome masculino	gli|ce|[ra]|do
gliceramina	nome feminino	gli|ce|ra|[mi]|na
glicerato	nome masculino	gli|ce|[ra]|to
glicéreo	adjetivo	gli|[cé]|re|o
glicéria	nome feminino	gli|[cé]|ri|a
glicérico	adjetivo	gli|[cé]|ri|co
glicerídeo	nome masculino	gli|ce|[rí]|de|o
glicerídeo	adjetivo	gli|ce|[rí]|de|o
glicérido	nome masculino	gli|[cé]|ri|do
glicerilo	nome masculino	gli|ce|[ri]|lo
glicerina	nome feminino	gli|ce|[ri]|na
glicerinar	verbo	gli|ce|ri|[nar]
glicerofosfato	nome masculino	gli|ce|ro|fos|[fa]|to
glicerofosfórico	adjetivo	gli|ce|ro|fos|[fó]|ri|co
glicerol	nome masculino	gli|ce|[rol]
gliceróleo	nome masculino	gli|ce|[ró]|le|o
glícico	adjetivo	[glí]|ci|co
glicídico	adjetivo	gli|[cí]|di|co
glícido	nome masculino	[glí]|ci|do
glicina	nome feminino	gli|[ci]|na
glicínia	nome feminino	gli|[cí]|ni|a
glicínio	nome masculino	gli|[cí]|ni|o
glicocálice	nome masculino	gli|co|[cá]|li|ce
glicocola	nome feminino	gli|co|[co]|la
glicocólico	adjetivo	gli|co|[có]|li|co
glicofosfato	nome masculino	gli|co|fos|[fa]|to
glicogénese	nome feminino	gli|co|[gé]|ne|se
glicogênese	nome feminino	gli|co|[gê]|ne|se
glicogenia	nome feminino	gli|co|ge|[ni]|a
glicogénico	adjetivo	gli|co|[gé]|ni|co
glicogênico	adjetivo	gli|co|[gê]|ni|co
