goodwill	nome feminino	good|will
gorá	nome masculino	go|[rá]
gorado	adjetivo	go|[ra]|do
goral	nome masculino	go|[ral]
gorar	verbo	go|[rar]
gorarema	nome feminino	go|ra|[re]|ma
goraz	nome masculino	go|[raz]
gorazeira	nome feminino	go|ra|[zei]|ra
gorazeiro	adjetivo	go|ra|[zei]|ro
gorda	nome feminino	[gor]|da
gordaça	nome feminino	gor|[da]|ça
gordaço	adjetivo	gor|[da]|ço
gordaço	nome masculino	gor|[da]|ço
gordalhaça	nome feminino	gor|da|[lha]|ça
gordalhaço	adjetivo	gor|da|[lha]|ço
gordalhaço	nome masculino	gor|da|[lha]|ço
gordalhão	adjetivo	gor|da|[lhão]
gordalhão	nome masculino	gor|da|[lhão]
gordalhona	nome feminino	gor|da|[lho]|na
gordalhuça	nome feminino	gor|da|[lhu]|ça
gordalhuço	nome masculino	gor|da|[lhu]|ço
gordalhuço	adjetivo	gor|da|[lhu]|ço
gordalhudo	adjetivo	gor|da|[lhu]|do
gordalhufa	nome feminino	gor|da|[lhu]|fa
gordalhufo	adjetivo	gor|da|[lhu]|fo
gordalhufo	nome masculino	gor|da|[lhu]|fo
gordanchuda	nome feminino	gor|dan|[chu]|da
gordanchudo	adjetivo	gor|dan|[chu]|do
gordanchudo	nome masculino	gor|dan|[chu]|do
gordiano	adjetivo	gor|di|[a]|no
gordiano	nome masculino	gor|di|[a]|no
gordieu	adjetivo	gor|di|[eu]
gordieu	nome masculino	gor|di|[eu]
gordinha	nome feminino	gor|[di]|nha
gordinho	nome masculino	gor|[di]|nho
górdio	nome masculino	[gór]|di|o
górdio	adjetivo	[gór]|di|o
gordita	nome feminino	gor|[di]|ta
gordito	nome masculino	gor|[di]|to
gordo	nome masculino	[gor]|do
gordo	adjetivo	[gor]|do
gordote	adjetivo	gor|[do]|te
gorducha	nome feminino	gor|[du]|cha
gorducho	adjetivo	gor|[du]|cho
gorducho	nome masculino	gor|[du]|cho
gordura	nome feminino	gor|[du]|ra
gordurento	adjetivo	gor|du|[ren]|to
gorduroso	adjetivo	gor|du|[ro]|so
goreiro	adjetivo	go|[rei]|ro
gorga	nome feminino	[gor]|ga
gorga-dos-montes	nome feminino	gor|ga-dos-mon|tes
gorgão	nome masculino	gor|[gão]
gorgaz	nome masculino	gor|[gaz]
gorgolão	nome masculino	gor|go|[lão]
gorgolar	verbo	gor|go|[lar]
gorgolejante	adjetivo	gor|go|le|[jan]|te
gorgolejar	verbo	gor|go|le|[jar]
gorgolejo	nome masculino	gor|go|[le]|jo
gorgoleta	nome feminino	gor|go|[le]|ta
gorgolhão	nome masculino	gor|go|[lhão]
gorgolhar	verbo	gor|go|[lhar]
gorgolhido	nome masculino	gor|go|[lhi]|do
gorgomela	nome feminino	gor|go|[me]|la
gorgomil	nome masculino	gor|go|[mil]
gorgomileira	nome feminino	gor|go|mi|[lei]|ra
gorgomilo	nome masculino	gor|go|[mi]|lo
górgona	nome feminino	[gór]|go|na
górgone	nome feminino	[gór]|go|ne
gorgôneo	adjetivo	gor|[gô]|ne|o
gorgóneo	adjetivo	gor|[gó]|ne|o
gorgónia	nome feminino	gor|[gó]|ni|a
gorgônia	nome feminino	gor|[gô]|ni|a
gorgonzola	nome masculino	gor|gon|[zo]|la
gorgorão	nome masculino	gor|go|[rão]
gorgorejo	nome masculino	gor|go|[re]|jo
gorgorina	nome feminino	gor|go|[ri]|na
gorgotó	nome masculino	gor|go|[tó]
gorgulhento	adjetivo	gor|gu|[lhen]|to
gorgulho	nome masculino	gor|[gu]|lho
gorguz	nome masculino	gor|[guz]
gorila	nome masculino	go|[ri]|la
gorilha	nome masculino	go|[ri]|lha
gorja	nome feminino	[gor]|ja
gorjal	nome masculino	gor|[jal]
gorjão	nome masculino	gor|[jão]
gorjeado	nome masculino	gor|je|[a]|do
gorjeado	adjetivo	gor|je|[a]|do
gorjeador	adjetivo	gor|je|a|[dor]
gorjeador	nome masculino	gor|je|a|[dor]
gorjear	verbo	gor|je|[ar]
gorjeio	nome masculino	gor|[jei]|o
gorjeira	nome feminino	gor|[jei]|ra
gorjel	nome masculino	gor|[jel]
gorjeta	nome feminino	gor|[je]|ta
gorjete	nome masculino	gor|[je]|te
gorjilo	nome masculino	gor|[ji]|lo
gorne	nome masculino	[gor]|ne
gornir	verbo	gor|[nir]
goro	adjetivo	[go]|ro
gororoba	nome feminino	go|ro|[ro]|ba
