gratuidade	nome feminino	gra|tui|[da]|de
gratuitamente	advérbio	gra|tui|ta|[men]|te
gratuitidade	nome feminino	gra|tui|ti|[da]|de
gratuito	adjetivo	gra|[tui]|to
gratulação	nome feminino	gra|tu|la|[ção]
gratular	verbo	gra|tu|[lar]
gratulatoriamente	advérbio	gra|tu|la|to|ri|a|[men]|te
gratulatório	adjetivo	gra|tu|la|[tó]|ri|o
grátulo	adjetivo	[grá]|tu|lo
gratúna	nome feminino	gra|[tú]|na
grau	nome masculino	[grau]
grauçá	nome masculino	grau|[çá]
graúda	nome feminino	gra|[ú]|da
graúdo	nome masculino	gra|[ú]|do
graúdo	adjetivo	gra|[ú]|do
graúlho	nome masculino	gra|[ú]|lho
graúna	nome feminino	gra|[ú]|na
graunha	nome feminino	gra|[u]|nha
grauvaque	nome masculino	grau|[va]|que
gravação	nome feminino	gra|va|[ção]
gravado	adjetivo	gra|[va]|do
gravador	nome masculino	gra|va|[dor]
gravador	adjetivo	gra|va|[dor]
gravadora	nome feminino	gra|va|[do]|ra
gravadura	nome feminino	gra|va|[du]|ra
gravalha	nome feminino	gra|[va]|lha
gravame	nome masculino	gra|[va]|me
gravana	nome feminino	gra|[va]|na
gravanada	nome feminino	gra|va|[na]|da
gravancear	verbo	gra|van|ce|[ar]
gravanceiro	adjetivo	gra|van|[cei]|ro
gravancelo	nome masculino	gra|van|[ce]|lo
gravanço	nome masculino	gra|[van]|ço
gravanha	nome feminino	gra|[va]|nha
gravanito	nome masculino	gra|va|[ni]|to
gravanzudo	adjetivo	gra|van|[zu]|do
gravar	verbo	gra|[var]
gravata	nome masculino	gra|[va]|ta
gravata	nome feminino	gra|[va]|ta
gravatá	nome masculino	gra|va|[tá]
gravatá-açu	nome masculino	gra|va|tá-a|[çu]
gravatão	nome masculino	gra|va|[tão]
gravataria	nome feminino	gra|va|ta|[ri]|a
gravatazal	nome masculino	gra|va|ta|[zal]
gravatear	verbo	gra|va|te|[ar]
gravateiro	nome masculino	gra|va|[tei]|ro
gravatil	nome masculino	gra|va|[til]
gravatilho	nome masculino	gra|va|[ti]|lho
gravatinha	nome masculino	gra|va|[ti]|nha
gravatinha	nome feminino	gra|va|[ti]|nha
gravativo	adjetivo	gra|va|[ti]|vo
gravato	nome masculino	gra|[va]|to
grave	adjetivo	[gra]|ve
grave	nome masculino	[gra]|ve
gravela	nome feminino	gra|[ve]|la
gravelado	adjetivo	gra|ve|[la]|do
graveloso	adjetivo	gra|ve|[lo]|so
graveloso	nome masculino	gra|ve|[lo]|so
gravemente	advérbio	gra|ve|[men]|te
graveolência	nome feminino	gra|ve|o|[lên]|ci|a
graveolente	adjetivo	gra|ve|o|[len]|te
graveta	nome feminino	gra|[ve]|ta
gravetar	verbo	gra|ve|[tar]
graveto	nome masculino	gra|[ve]|to
graveza	nome feminino	gra|[ve]|za
graviço	nome masculino	gra|[vi]|ço
grávida	nome feminino	[grá]|vi|da
gravidação	nome feminino	gra|vi|da|[ção]
gravidade	nome feminino	gra|vi|[da]|de
gravidar	verbo	gra|vi|[dar]
gravidez	nome feminino	gra|vi|[dez]
gravídico	adjetivo	gra|[ví]|di|co
grávido	adjetivo	[grá]|vi|do
gravígrado	adjetivo	gra|[ví]|gra|do
gravígrado	nome masculino	gra|[ví]|gra|do
gravilha	nome feminino	gra|[vi]|lha
gravim	nome masculino	gra|[vim]
gravimetria	nome feminino	gra|vi|me|[tri]|a
gravimétrico	adjetivo	gra|vi|[mé]|tri|co
gravimetrista	nome masculino	gra|vi|me|[tris]|ta
gravimetrista	nome feminino	gra|vi|me|[tris]|ta
gravímetro	nome masculino	gra|[ví]|me|tro
grávio	adjetivo	[grá]|vi|o
grávio	nome masculino	[grá]|vi|o
graviola	nome feminino	gra|vi|[o]|la
gravisca	nome feminino	gra|[vis]|ca
graviscano	adjetivo	gra|vis|[ca]|no
graviscano	nome masculino	gra|vis|[ca]|no
gravisco	adjetivo	gra|[vis]|co
gravíssimo	adjetivo	gra|[vís]|si|mo
gravitação	nome feminino	gra|vi|ta|[ção]
gravitacional	adjetivo	gra|vi|ta|ci|o|[nal]
gravitante	adjetivo	gra|vi|[tan]|te
gravitão	nome masculino	gra|vi|[tão]
gravitar	verbo	gra|vi|[tar]
gravítico	adjetivo	gra|[ví]|ti|co
gravitino	nome masculino	gra|vi|[ti]|no
gravito	adjetivo	gra|[vi]|to
gravosamente	advérbio	gra|vo|sa|[men]|te
gravoso	adjetivo	gra|[vo]|so
