gremial	nome masculino	gre|mi|[al]
gremial	adjetivo	gre|mi|[al]
gremilha	nome feminino	gre|[mi]|lha
grêmio	nome masculino	[grê]|mi|o
grémio	nome masculino	[gré]|mi|o
grená	nome masculino	gre|[ná]
grená	adjetivo	gre|[ná]
grenat	nome masculino	gre|nat
grenat	adjetivo	gre|nat
grenetina	nome feminino	gre|ne|[ti]|na
grenha	nome feminino	[gre]|nha
grenho	adjetivo	[gre]|nho
grenho	nome masculino	[gre]|nho
grés	nome masculino	[grés]
gresífero	adjetivo	gre|[sí]|fe|ro
gresiforme	adjetivo	gre|si|[for]|me
greta	nome feminino	[gre]|ta
gretado	adjetivo	gre|[ta]|do
gretadura	nome feminino	gre|ta|[du]|ra
gretamento	nome masculino	gre|ta|[men]|to
gretar	verbo	gre|[tar]
greva	nome feminino	[gre]|va
grevado	adjetivo	gre|[va]|do
grevas	nome feminino	[gre]|vas
greve	nome feminino	[gre]|ve
grevista	nome masculino	gre|[vis]|ta
grevista	adjetivo	gre|[vis]|ta
grevista	nome feminino	gre|[vis]|ta
gricena	nome feminino	gri|[ce]|na
grícua	adjetivo	[grí]|cu|a
grícua	nome masculino	[grí]|cu|a
grícua	nome feminino	[grí]|cu|a
gridefé	adjetivo	gri|de|[fé]
gridelém	adjetivo	gri|de|[lém]
grifa	nome feminino	[gri]|fa
grifar	verbo	gri|[far]
grife	nome feminino	[gri]|fe
grifenho	adjetivo	gri|[fe]|nho
griffe	nome feminino	[grif]|fe
grífico	adjetivo	[grí]|fi|co
grifo	adjetivo	[gri]|fo
grifo	nome masculino	[gri]|fo
grijó	nome feminino	gri|[jó]
grijoense	adjetivo	gri|jo|[en]|se
grijoense	nome masculino	gri|jo|[en]|se
grijoense	nome feminino	gri|jo|[en]|se
grila	nome feminino	[gri]|la
grilada	nome feminino	gri|[la]|da
grilado	adjetivo	gri|[la]|do
grilagem	nome feminino	gri|[la]|gem
grilar	verbo	gri|[lar]
grilaria	nome feminino	gri|la|[ri]|a
grileira	nome feminino	gri|[lei]|ra
grileiro	nome masculino	gri|[lei]|ro
grilhada	nome feminino	gri|[lha]|da
grilhagem	nome feminino	gri|[lha]|gem
grilhão	nome masculino	gri|[lhão]
grilharia	nome feminino	gri|lha|[ri]|a
grilheta	nome masculino	gri|[lhe]|ta
grilheta	nome feminino	gri|[lhe]|ta
grilho	nome masculino	[gri]|lho
grilídeo	adjetivo	gri|[lí]|de|o
grilídeo	nome masculino	gri|[lí]|de|o
grilir	verbo	gri|[lir]
grill	nome masculino	[grill]
grilo	nome masculino	[gri]|lo
grilo	adjetivo	[gri]|lo
grilo-toupeira	nome masculino	gri|lo-tou|[pei]|ra
grim-grim	nome masculino	[grim-grim]
grima	nome feminino	[gri]|ma
grimpa	nome feminino	[grim]|pa
grimpado	adjetivo	grim|[pa]|do
grimpar	verbo	grim|[par]
grimpo	adjetivo	[grim]|po
grinalda	nome feminino	gri|[nal]|da
grindélia	nome feminino	grin|[dé]|li|a
grineu	adjetivo	gri|[neu]
grineu	nome masculino	gri|[neu]
grinfa	nome feminino	[grin]|fa
grinfar	verbo	grin|[far]
gringada	nome feminino	grin|[ga]|da
gringal	nome masculino	grin|[gal]
gringalhada	nome feminino	grin|ga|[lha]|da
gringo	nome masculino	[grin]|go
gringolim	nome masculino	grin|go|[lim]
griolandês	adjetivo	gri|o|lan|[dês]
gripado	adjetivo	gri|[pa]|do
gripal	adjetivo	gri|[pal]
gripar	verbo	gri|[par]
gripe	nome feminino	[gri]|pe
gripose	nome feminino	gri|[po]|se
gris	adjetivo	[gris]
gris	nome feminino	[gris]
gris	nome masculino	[gris]
grisalhar	verbo	gri|sa|[lhar]
grisalho	adjetivo	gri|[sa]|lho
grisandra	nome feminino	gri|[san]|dra
grisão	nome masculino	gri|[são]
grisão	adjetivo	gri|[são]
grisar	verbo	gri|[sar]
