guaratã	nome feminino	gua|ra|[tã]
guaratimbo	nome masculino	gua|ra|[tim]|bo
guaraúna	nome feminino	gua|ra|[ú]|na
guaraxaim	nome masculino	gua|ra|xa|[im]
guaraz	nome masculino	gua|[raz]
guarda	nome masculino	[guar]|da
guarda	nome feminino	[guar]|da
guarda de corpo	nome masculino	[guar]|da de cor|po
guarda-arnês	nome masculino	guar|da-ar|[nês]
guarda-barreira	nome masculino	guar|da-bar|[rei]|ra
guarda-braço	nome masculino	guar|da-bra|ço
guarda-cabeça	nome masculino	guar|da-ca|[be]|ça
guarda-cadeiras	nome masculino	guar|da-ca|[dei]|ras
guarda-calhas	nome masculino	guar|da-ca|lhas
guarda-cama	nome masculino	guar|da-ca|ma
guarda-cancela	nome masculino	guar|da-can|[ce]|la
guarda-cara	nome masculino	guar|da-ca|ra
guarda-cartucho	nome masculino	guar|da-car|[tu]|cho
guarda-cascos	nome masculino	guar|da-cas|cos
guarda-chapim	nome masculino	guar|da-cha|[pim]
guarda-chaves	nome masculino	guar|da-cha|ves
guarda-chuva	nome masculino	guar|da-chu|va
guarda-comida	nome masculino	guar|da-co|[mi]|da
guarda-comidas	nome masculino	guar|da-co|[mi]|das
guarda-costas	nome masculino	guar|da-cos|tas
guarda-costas	nome feminino	guar|da-cos|tas
guarda-faceira	nome masculino	guar|da-fa|[cei]|ra
guarda-fato	nome masculino	guar|da-fa|to
guarda-fatos	nome masculino	guar|da-fa|tos
guarda-fechos	nome masculino	guar|da-fe|chos
guarda-fio	nome masculino	guar|da-fi|o
guarda-fios	nome masculino	guar|da-fi|os
guarda-fiscal	nome masculino	guar|da-fis|[cal]
guarda-florestal	nome masculino	guar|da-flo|res|[tal]
guarda-fogo	nome masculino	guar|da-fo|go
guarda-freio	nome masculino	guar|da-frei|o
guarda-infante	nome masculino	guar|da-in|[fan]|te
guarda-joias	nome masculino	guar|da-joi|as
guarda-lama	nome masculino	guar|da-la|ma
guarda-lamas	nome masculino	guar|da-la|mas
guarda-leme	nome masculino	guar|da-le|me
guarda-linha	nome masculino	guar|da-li|nha
guarda-linha	nome feminino	guar|da-li|nha
guarda-livros	nome masculino	guar|da-li|vros
guarda-livros	nome feminino	guar|da-li|vros
guarda-loiça	nome masculino	guar|da-loi|ça
guarda-louça	nome masculino	guar|da-lou|ça
guarda-lume	nome masculino	guar|da-lu|me
guarda-mancebos	nome masculino	guar|da-man|[ce]|bos
guarda-mão	nome masculino	guar|da-mão
guarda-marinha	nome masculino	guar|da-ma|[ri]|nha
guarda-mato	nome masculino	guar|da-ma|to
guarda-menor	nome masculino	guar|da-me|[nor]
guarda-meta	nome masculino	guar|da-me|ta
guarda-mor	nome masculino	guar|da-mor
guarda-moria	nome feminino	guar|da-mo|[ri]|a
guarda-morrão	nome masculino	guar|da-mor|[rão]
guarda-móveis	nome masculino	guar|da-mó|veis
guarda-móveis	nome feminino	guar|da-mó|veis
guarda-municipal	nome masculino	guar|da-mu|ni|ci|[pal]
guarda-noturno	nome masculino	guar|da-no|[tur]|no
guarda-olhos	nome masculino	guar|da-o|lhos
guarda-patrão	nome masculino	guar|da-pa|[trão]
guarda-pé	nome masculino	guar|da-pé
guarda-peito	nome masculino	guar|da-pei|to
guarda-pisa	nome feminino	guar|da-pi|sa
guarda-pó	nome masculino	guar|da-pó
guarda-porta	nome feminino	guar|da-por|ta
guarda-portão	nome masculino	guar|da-por|[tão]
guarda-prata	nome masculino	guar|da-pra|ta
guarda-quedas	nome masculino	guar|da-que|das
guarda-raios	nome masculino	guar|da-rai|os
guarda-rede	nome masculino	guar|da-re|de
guarda-redes	nome masculino	guar|da-re|des
guarda-redes	nome feminino	guar|da-re|des
guarda-republicano	nome masculino	guar|da-re|pu|bli|[ca]|no
guarda-rios	nome masculino	guar|da-ri|os
guarda-roupa	nome masculino	guar|da-rou|pa
guarda-roupa	nome feminino	guar|da-rou|pa
guarda-selos	nome masculino	guar|da-se|los
guarda-sol	nome masculino	guar|da-sol
guarda-solaria	nome feminino	guar|da-so|la|[ri]|a
guarda-soleiro	nome masculino	guar|da-so|[lei]|ro
guarda-tufo	nome masculino	guar|da-tu|fo
guarda-vassoiras	nome masculino	guar|da-vas|[soi]|ras
guarda-vassouras	nome masculino	guar|da-vas|[sou]|ras
guarda-vento	nome masculino	guar|da-ven|to
guarda-ventre	nome masculino	guar|da-ven|tre
guarda-vestidos	nome masculino	guar|da-ves|[ti]|dos
guarda-vestidos	nome feminino	guar|da-ves|[ti]|dos
guarda-vinho	nome masculino	guar|da-vi|nho
guarda-vista	nome masculino	guar|da-vis|ta
guarda-volante	nome masculino	guar|da-vo|[lan]|te
guarda-volume	nome masculino	guar|da-vo|[lu]|me
guarda-voz	nome masculino	guar|da-voz
guardadeira	nome feminino	guar|da|[dei]|ra
guardado	adjetivo	guar|[da]|do
guardador	nome masculino	guar|da|[dor]
guardador	adjetivo	guar|da|[dor]
guardadora	nome feminino	guar|da|[do]|ra
