gancheta	nome feminino	gan|[che]|ta
ganchinho	nome masculino	gan|[chi]|nho
gancho	nome masculino	[gan]|cho
ganchorra	nome feminino	gan|[chor]|ra
ganchoso	adjetivo	gan|[cho]|so
ganchudo	adjetivo	gan|[chu]|do
ganço	nome masculino	[gan]|ço
ganda	nome feminino	[gan]|da
gandaeiro	adjetivo	gan|da|[ei]|ro
gandaeiro	nome masculino	gan|da|[ei]|ro
gandaia	nome feminino	gan|[dai]|a
gandaiar	verbo	gan|dai|[ar]
gandaíce	nome feminino	gan|da|[í]|ce
gandaieiro	adjetivo	gan|dai|[ei]|ro
gandaieiro	nome masculino	gan|dai|[ei]|ro
gandaiice	nome feminino	gan|dai|[i]|ce
gandar	nome masculino	gan|[dar]
gândara	nome feminino	[gân]|da|ra
gandarês	adjetivo	gan|da|[rês]
gandares	nome masculino	gan|[da]|res
gandarinha	nome feminino	gan|da|[ri]|nha
gandaru	nome masculino	gan|da|[ru]
gandear	verbo	gan|de|[ar]
gandeona	nome feminino	gan|de|[o]|na
gando	nome masculino	[gan]|do
gandola	nome feminino	gan|[do]|la
gandra	nome feminino	[gan]|dra
gandrense	adjetivo	gan|[dren]|se
gandrense	nome masculino	gan|[dren]|se
gandrense	nome feminino	gan|[dren]|se
gandu	nome masculino	gan|[du]
gandula	adjetivo	gan|[du]|la
gandula	nome masculino	gan|[du]|la
gandula	nome feminino	gan|[du]|la
gandulagem	nome feminino	gan|du|[la]|gem
gandular	verbo	gan|du|[lar]
gandulo	adjetivo	gan|[du]|lo
gandulo	nome masculino	gan|[du]|lo
ganeira	nome feminino	ga|[nei]|ra
ganeiro	nome masculino	ga|[nei]|ro
ganense	adjetivo	ga|[nen]|se
ganense	nome masculino	ga|[nen]|se
ganense	nome feminino	ga|[nen]|se
ganês	adjetivo	ga|[nês]
ganês	nome masculino	ga|[nês]
ganforina	nome feminino	gan|fo|[ri]|na
gang	nome masculino	[gang]
ganga	nome masculino	[gan]|ga
ganga	nome feminino	[gan]|ga
gangana	nome feminino	gan|[ga]|na
gangão	nome masculino	gan|[gão]
gangáride	adjetivo	gan|[gá]|ri|de
gangáride	nome masculino	gan|[gá]|ri|de
gangáride	nome feminino	gan|[gá]|ri|de
gangético	adjetivo	gan|[gé]|ti|co
gangliforme	adjetivo	gan|gli|[for]|me
gânglio	nome masculino	[gân]|gli|o
ganglioma	nome masculino	gan|gli|[o]|ma
gangliomorfo	adjetivo	gan|gli|o|[mor]|fo
ganglionado	adjetivo	gan|gli|o|[na]|do
ganglionar	adjetivo	gan|gli|o|[nar]
ganglionite	nome feminino	gan|gli|o|[ni]|te
ganglite	nome feminino	gan|[gli]|te
gangolino	nome masculino	gan|go|[li]|no
gangoncu	nome masculino	gan|gon|[cu]
gangorra	nome feminino	gan|[gor]|ra
gangorrear	verbo	gan|gor|re|[ar]
gangosa	nome feminino	gan|[go]|sa
gangoso	adjetivo	gan|[go]|so
gangrena	nome feminino	gan|[gre]|na
gangrenado	adjetivo	gan|gre|[na]|do
gangrenamento	nome masculino	gan|gre|na|[men]|to
gangrenar	verbo	gan|gre|[nar]
gangrenismo	nome masculino	gan|gre|[nis]|mo
gangrenoso	adjetivo	gan|gre|[no]|so
gângster	nome masculino	[gângs]|ter
gangster	nome masculino	[gang]|ster
gangsterismo	nome masculino	gangs|te|[ris]|mo
gangsterístico	adjetivo	gangs|te|[rís]|ti|co
gangue	nome masculino	[gan]|gue
ganguela	nome masculino	gan|[gue]|la
ganguela	adjetivo	gan|[gue]|la
ganguela	nome feminino	gan|[gue]|la
ganguissar	verbo	gan|guis|[sar]
ganha-dinheiro	nome masculino	ga|nha-di|[nhei]|ro
ganha-pão	nome masculino	ga|nha-pão
ganha-perde	nome masculino	ga|nha-per|de
ganhadeiro	adjetivo	ga|nha|[dei]|ro
ganhadeiro	nome masculino	ga|nha|[dei]|ro
ganhadiço	adjetivo	ga|nha|[di]|ço
ganhador	adjetivo	ga|nha|[dor]
ganhador	nome masculino	ga|nha|[dor]
ganhamento	nome masculino	ga|nha|[men]|to
ganhança	nome feminino	ga|[nhan]|ça
ganhão	nome masculino	ga|[nhão]
ganhar	verbo	ga|[nhar]
ganharia	nome feminino	ga|nha|[ri]|a
ganhável	adjetivo	ga|[nhá]|vel
ganho	adjetivo	[ga]|nho
ganho	nome masculino	[ga]|nho
