zumbi	nome masculino	zum|[bi]
zumbido	nome masculino	zum|[bi]|do
zumbidor	adjetivo	zum|bi|[dor]
zumbidor	nome masculino	zum|bi|[dor]
zumbir	verbo	zum|[bir]
zumbo	nome masculino	[zum]|bo
zumbrar	verbo	zum|[brar]
zumbrir	verbo	zum|[brir]
zuna	nome feminino	[zu]|na
zuncho	adjetivo	[zun]|cho
zunga	nome feminino	[zun]|ga
zungão	nome masculino	zun|[gão]
zungar	verbo	zun|[gar]
zungato	nome masculino	zun|[ga]|to
zungo	nome masculino	[zun]|go
zungu	nome masculino	zun|[gu]
zungueira	nome feminino	zun|[guei]|ra
zungueiro	nome masculino	zun|[guei]|ro
zunida	nome feminino	zu|[ni]|da
zunideira	nome feminino	zu|ni|[dei]|ra
zunido	nome masculino	zu|[ni]|do
zunidor	adjetivo	zu|ni|[dor]
zunidor	nome masculino	zu|ni|[dor]
zunimento	nome masculino	zu|ni|[men]|to
zuninga	nome feminino	zu|[nin]|ga
zunir	verbo	zu|[nir]
zunzum	nome masculino	zun|[zum]
zunzunar	verbo	zun|zu|[nar]
zupa	interjeição	[zu]|pa
zupador	adjetivo	zu|pa|[dor]
zupador	nome masculino	zu|pa|[dor]
zupar	verbo	zu|[par]
zúquete	interjeição	[zú]|que|te
zura	adjetivo	[zu]|ra
zura	nome masculino	[zu]|ra
zura	nome feminino	[zu]|ra
zuraco	adjetivo	zu|[ra]|co
zuraco	nome masculino	zu|[ra]|co
zuranti	nome masculino	zu|ran|[ti]
zuraque	nome masculino	zu|[ra]|que
zurazo	adjetivo	zu|[ra]|zo
zurazo	nome masculino	zu|[ra]|zo
zurbada	nome feminino	zur|[ba]|da
zurca	nome feminino	[zur]|ca
zureta	nome masculino	zu|[re]|ta
zureta	nome feminino	zu|[re]|ta
zuriquenha	nome feminino	zu|ri|[que]|nha
zuriquenho	adjetivo	zu|ri|[que]|nho
zuriquenho	nome masculino	zu|ri|[que]|nho
zuriquense	adjetivo	zu|ri|[quen]|se
zuriquense	nome feminino	zu|ri|[quen]|se
zuriquense	nome masculino	zu|ri|[quen]|se
zurpa	nome feminino	[zur]|pa
zurpilhar	verbo	zur|pi|[lhar]
zurra	nome feminino	[zur]|ra
zurrada	nome feminino	zur|[ra]|da
zurrador	adjetivo	zur|ra|[dor]
zurrador	nome masculino	zur|ra|[dor]
zurrapa	nome feminino	zur|[ra]|pa
zurrar	verbo	zur|[rar]
zurraria	nome feminino	zur|ra|[ri]|a
zurre	interjeição	[zur]|re
zurreira	nome feminino	zur|[rei]|ra
zurro	nome masculino	[zur]|ro
zuruó	adjetivo	zu|ru|[ó]
zurvada	nome feminino	zur|[va]|da
zurvanada	nome feminino	zur|va|[na]|da
zurza	nome feminino	[zur]|za
zurzidela	nome feminino	zur|zi|[de]|la
zurzidor	adjetivo	zur|zi|[dor]
zurzidor	nome masculino	zur|zi|[dor]
zurzidora	nome feminino	zur|zi|[do]|ra
zurzidura	nome feminino	zur|zi|[du]|ra
zurzir	verbo	zur|[zir]
zus	interjeição	[zus]
zus-catatrus	nome masculino	zus-ca|ta|[trus]
zus-catatrus	interjeição	zus-ca|ta|[trus]
zuzara	nome feminino	zu|[za]|ra
