rapadela	nome feminino	ra|pa|[de]|la
rapado	adjetivo	ra|[pa]|do
rapado	nome masculino	ra|[pa]|do
rapadoira	nome feminino	ra|pa|[doi]|ra
rapador	adjetivo	ra|pa|[dor]
rapador	nome masculino	ra|pa|[dor]
rapadora	nome feminino	ra|pa|[do]|ra
rapadoura	nome feminino	ra|pa|[dou]|ra
rapadouro	nome masculino	ra|pa|[dou]|ro
rapadura	nome feminino	ra|pa|[du]|ra
rapagão	nome masculino	ra|pa|[gão]
rapagem	nome feminino	ra|[pa]|gem
rapalhas	nome feminino	ra|[pa]|lhas
rapança	nome feminino	ra|[pan]|ça
rapante	adjetivo	ra|[pan]|te
rapão	nome masculino	ra|[pão]
rapapé	nome masculino	ra|pa|[pé]
rapar	verbo	ra|[par]
rapariga	nome feminino	ra|pa|[ri]|ga
raparigaça	nome feminino	ra|pa|ri|[ga]|ça
raparigada	nome feminino	ra|pa|ri|[ga]|da
raparigagem	nome feminino	ra|pa|ri|[ga]|gem
raparigão	nome masculino	ra|pa|ri|[gão]
raparigo	nome masculino	ra|pa|[ri]|go
raparigona	nome feminino	ra|pa|ri|[go]|na
raparigota	nome feminino	ra|pa|ri|[go]|ta
raparigueiro	adjetivo	ra|pa|ri|[guei]|ro
rapável	adjetivo	ra|[pá]|vel
rapaz	nome masculino	ra|[paz]
rapaz	adjetivo	ra|[paz]
rapazada	nome feminino	ra|pa|[za]|da
rapazão	nome masculino	ra|pa|[zão]
rapazelho	nome masculino	ra|pa|[ze]|lho
rapazete	nome masculino	ra|pa|[ze]|te
rapazia	nome feminino	ra|pa|[zi]|a
rapaziada	nome feminino	ra|pa|zi|[a]|da
rapazice	nome feminino	ra|pa|[zi]|ce
rapazinho	nome masculino	ra|pa|[zi]|nho
rapazio	nome masculino	ra|pa|[zi]|o
rapazola	nome masculino	ra|pa|[zo]|la
rapazote	nome masculino	ra|pa|[zo]|te
rapé	nome masculino	ra|[pé]
rapê	nome masculino	ra|[pê]
rapeira	nome feminino	ra|[pei]|ra
rapel	nome masculino	ra|[pel]
rapelha	nome feminino	ra|[pe]|lha
rapelho	nome masculino	ra|[pe]|lho
rapichel	nome masculino	ra|pi|[chel]
rapidamente	advérbio	ra|pi|da|[men]|te
rapidez	nome feminino	ra|pi|[dez]
rapidíssimo	adjetivo	ra|pi|[dís]|si|mo
rápido	nome masculino	[rá]|pi|do
rápido	advérbio	[rá]|pi|do
rápido	adjetivo	[rá]|pi|do
rapigar	verbo	ra|pi|[gar]
rapigo	nome masculino	ra|[pi]|go
rapilho	nome masculino	ra|[pi]|lho
rapina	nome feminino	ra|[pi]|na
rapinação	nome feminino	ra|pi|na|[ção]
rapinador	adjetivo	ra|pi|na|[dor]
rapinador	nome masculino	ra|pi|na|[dor]
rapinadora	nome feminino	ra|pi|na|[do]|ra
rapinagem	nome feminino	ra|pi|[na]|gem
rapinança	nome feminino	ra|pi|[nan]|ça
rapinância	nome feminino	ra|pi|[nân]|ci|a
rapinanço	nome masculino	ra|pi|[nan]|ço
rapinante	adjetivo	ra|pi|[nan]|te
rapinante	nome masculino	ra|pi|[nan]|te
rapinante	nome feminino	ra|pi|[nan]|te
rapinar	verbo	ra|pi|[nar]
rapinável	adjetivo	ra|pi|[ná]|vel
rapineiro	adjetivo	ra|pi|[nei]|ro
rapineiro	nome masculino	ra|pi|[nei]|ro
rapinhar	verbo	ra|pi|[nhar]
rapinho	nome masculino	ra|[pi]|nho
rapinice	nome feminino	ra|pi|[ni]|ce
rapino	nome masculino	ra|[pi]|no
rapioca	nome feminino	ra|pi|[o]|ca
rapioqueira	nome feminino	ra|pi|o|[quei]|ra
rapioqueiro	adjetivo	ra|pi|o|[quei]|ro
rapioqueiro	nome masculino	ra|pi|o|[quei]|ro
rapistro	nome masculino	ra|[pis]|tro
rapôncio	nome masculino	ra|[pôn]|ci|o
raponço	nome masculino	ra|[pon]|ço
raponticina	nome feminino	ra|pon|ti|[ci]|na
rapôntico	nome masculino	ra|[pôn]|ti|co
rapôntico-da-terra	nome masculino	ra|pôn|ti|co-da-ter|ra
raposa	nome feminino	ra|[po]|sa
raposada	nome feminino	ra|po|[sa]|da
raposar	verbo	ra|po|[sar]
raposear	verbo	ra|po|se|[ar]
raposeira	nome feminino	ra|po|[sei]|ra
raposeiro	nome masculino	ra|po|[sei]|ro
raposeiro	adjetivo	ra|po|[sei]|ro
raposia	nome feminino	ra|po|[si]|a
raposice	nome feminino	ra|po|[si]|ce
raposinha	adjetivo	ra|po|[si]|nha
raposinhar	verbo	ra|po|si|[nhar]
raposinho	nome masculino	ra|po|[si]|nho
raposino	adjetivo	ra|po|[si]|no
