rasante	nome feminino	ra|[san]|te
rasão	nome masculino	ra|[são]
rasão	nome feminino	ra|[são]
rasar	verbo	ra|[sar]
rasca	adjetivo	[ras]|ca
rasca	nome feminino	[ras]|ca
rascada	nome feminino	ras|[ca]|da
rascadeira	nome feminino	ras|ca|[dei]|ra
rascador	nome masculino	ras|ca|[dor]
rascadura	nome feminino	ras|ca|[du]|ra
rascância	nome feminino	ras|[cân]|ci|a
rascanhão	nome masculino	ras|ca|[nhão]
rascanhar	verbo	ras|ca|[nhar]
rascante	adjetivo	ras|[can]|te
rascante	nome masculino	ras|[can]|te
rascão	nome masculino	ras|[cão]
rascar	verbo	ras|[car]
rascasso	nome masculino	ras|[cas]|so
rasco	nome masculino	[ras]|co
rascoa	nome feminino	ras|[co]|a
rascoagem	nome feminino	ras|co|[a]|gem
rascoeira	nome feminino	ras|co|[ei]|ra
rascoeiro	nome masculino	ras|co|[ei]|ro
rascoíce	nome feminino	ras|co|[í]|ce
rascol	nome masculino	ras|[col]
rascolnismo	nome masculino	ras|col|[nis]|mo
rascolnista	adjetivo	ras|col|[nis]|ta
rascolnista	nome masculino	ras|col|[nis]|ta
rascolnista	nome feminino	ras|col|[nis]|ta
rascote	nome masculino	ras|[co]|te
rascunhar	verbo	ras|cu|[nhar]
rascunho	nome masculino	ras|[cu]|nho
raseiro	adjetivo	ra|[sei]|ro
raseiro	nome masculino	ra|[sei]|ro
rasga-mortalha	nome feminino	ras|ga-mor|[ta]|lha
rasgadamente	advérbio	ras|ga|da|[men]|te
rasgadela	nome feminino	ras|ga|[de]|la
rasgado	adjetivo	ras|[ga]|do
rasgado	nome masculino	ras|[ga]|do
rasgador	adjetivo	ras|ga|[dor]
rasgador	nome masculino	ras|ga|[dor]
rasgadura	nome feminino	ras|ga|[du]|ra
rasgamento	nome masculino	ras|ga|[men]|to
rasgão	nome masculino	ras|[gão]
rasgar	verbo	ras|[gar]
rasgável	adjetivo	ras|[gá]|vel
rasgo	nome masculino	[ras]|go
rasgue	nome masculino	[ras]|gue
rasgueado	nome masculino	ras|gue|[a]|do
rasmonino	nome masculino	ras|mo|[ni]|no
rasmono	nome masculino	ras|[mo]|no
raso	nome masculino	[ra]|so
raso	adjetivo	[ra]|so
rasoila	nome feminino	ra|[soi]|la
rasoilo	nome masculino	ra|[soi]|lo
rasoira	nome feminino	ra|[soi]|ra
rasoirar	verbo	ra|soi|[rar]
rasoura	nome feminino	ra|[sou]|ra
rasourante	adjetivo	ra|sou|[ran]|te
rasourar	verbo	ra|sou|[rar]
rasouro	nome masculino	ra|[sou]|ro
raspa	nome feminino	[ras]|pa
raspa-língua	nome feminino	ras|pa-lín|gua
raspadeira	nome feminino	ras|pa|[dei]|ra
raspadela	nome feminino	ras|pa|[de]|la
raspadinha	nome feminino	ras|pa|[di]|nha
raspado	adjetivo	ras|[pa]|do
raspador	nome masculino	ras|pa|[dor]
raspador	adjetivo	ras|pa|[dor]
raspadora	nome feminino	ras|pa|[do]|ra
raspadura	nome feminino	ras|pa|[du]|ra
raspagem	nome feminino	ras|[pa]|gem
raspalho	nome masculino	ras|[pa]|lho
raspança	nome feminino	ras|[pan]|ça
raspançadura	nome feminino	ras|pan|ça|[du]|ra
raspançar	verbo	ras|pan|[çar]
raspanço	nome masculino	ras|[pan]|ço
raspanete	nome masculino	ras|pa|[ne]|te
raspão	nome masculino	ras|[pão]
raspar	verbo	ras|[par]
raspável	adjetivo	ras|[pá]|vel
raspilha	nome feminino	ras|[pi]|lha
raspinha	nome feminino	ras|[pi]|nha
raspinhadeira	nome feminino	ras|pi|nha|[dei]|ra
raspinhar	verbo	ras|pi|[nhar]
rasqueiro	nome masculino	ras|[quei]|ro
rasqueta	nome feminino	ras|[que]|ta
rasquetear	verbo	ras|que|te|[ar]
rasquido	nome masculino	ras|[qui]|do
rasta	adjetivo	[ras]|ta
rastão	nome masculino	ras|[tão]
rastaquera	adjetivo	ras|ta|[que]|ra
rastaquera	nome masculino	ras|ta|[que]|ra
rastaquera	nome feminino	ras|ta|[que]|ra
rasteador	adjetivo	ras|te|a|[dor]
rasteador	nome masculino	ras|te|a|[dor]
rastear	verbo	ras|te|[ar]
rasteira	nome feminino	ras|[tei]|ra
rasteiramente	advérbio	ras|tei|ra|[men]|te
rasteirar	verbo	ras|tei|[rar]
