rebentador	adjetivo	re|ben|ta|[dor]
rebentador	nome masculino	re|ben|ta|[dor]
rebentamento	nome masculino	re|ben|ta|[men]|to
rebentante	adjetivo	re|ben|[tan]|te
rebentão	nome masculino	re|ben|[tão]
rebentãozal	nome masculino	re|ben|[tão]|zal
rebentar	verbo	re|ben|[tar]
rebentina	nome feminino	re|ben|[ti]|na
rebentinha	nome feminino	re|ben|[ti]|nha
rebentino	adjetivo	re|ben|[ti]|no
rebentio	adjetivo	re|ben|[ti]|o
rebento	nome masculino	re|[ben]|to
rebentona	nome feminino	re|ben|[to]|na
rebeque	nome masculino	re|[be]|que
rebesgado	adjetivo	re|bes|[ga]|do
rebiasco	nome masculino	re|bi|[as]|co
rebimba	nome feminino	re|[bim]|ba
rebimbar	verbo	re|bim|[bar]
rebique	nome masculino	re|[bi]|que
rebita	nome feminino	re|[bi]|ta
rebitadeira	nome feminino	re|bi|ta|[dei]|ra
rebitador	adjetivo	re|bi|ta|[dor]
rebitador	nome masculino	re|bi|ta|[dor]
rebitadora	nome feminino	re|bi|ta|[do]|ra
rebitagem	nome feminino	re|bi|[ta]|gem
rebitar	verbo	re|bi|[tar]
rebite	nome masculino	re|[bi]|te
rebiteso	adjetivo	re|bi|[te]|so
rebo	nome masculino	[re]|bo
reboante	adjetivo	re|bo|[an]|te
reboar	verbo	re|bo|[ar]
rebobinar	verbo	re|bo|bi|[nar]
rebocado	adjetivo	re|bo|[ca]|do
rebocador	adjetivo	re|bo|ca|[dor]
rebocador	nome masculino	re|bo|ca|[dor]
rebocadora	nome feminino	re|bo|ca|[do]|ra
rebocadura	nome feminino	re|bo|ca|[du]|ra
rebocar	verbo	re|bo|[car]
reboco	nome masculino	re|[bo]|co
rebofa	nome feminino	re|[bo]|fa
rebojo	nome masculino	re|[bo]|jo
rebolada	nome feminino	re|bo|[la]|da
rebolado	adjetivo	re|bo|[la]|do
rebolado	nome masculino	re|bo|[la]|do
rebolante	adjetivo	re|bo|[lan]|te
rebolão	adjetivo	re|bo|[lão]
rebolão	nome masculino	re|bo|[lão]
rebolar	verbo	re|bo|[lar]
rebolaria	nome feminino	re|bo|la|[ri]|a
rebolcar	verbo	re|bol|[car]
rebolco	nome masculino	re|[bol]|co
rebolear	verbo	re|bo|le|[ar]
reboleira	nome feminino	re|bo|[lei]|ra
reboleiro	nome masculino	re|bo|[lei]|ro
reboleiro	adjetivo	re|bo|[lei]|ro
reboleta	nome feminino	re|bo|[le]|ta
reboliço	adjetivo	re|bo|[li]|ço
rebolir	verbo	re|bo|[lir]
rebolo	nome masculino	re|[bo]|lo
rebolo	adjetivo	re|[bo]|lo
rebolqueada	nome feminino	re|bol|que|[a]|da
rebolquear	verbo	re|bol|que|[ar]
reboludo	adjetivo	re|bo|[lu]|do
rebombar	verbo	re|bom|[bar]
rebombo	nome masculino	re|[bom]|bo
reboo	nome masculino	re|[bo]|o
reboque	nome masculino	re|[bo]|que
reboquear	verbo	re|bo|que|[ar]
reboqueiro	adjetivo	re|bo|[quei]|ro
reboquinho	nome masculino	re|bo|[qui]|nho
rebora	nome feminino	re|[bo]|ra
reboração	nome feminino	re|bo|ra|[ção]
reborar	verbo	re|bo|[rar]
rebordagem	nome feminino	re|bor|[da]|gem
rebordão	adjetivo	re|bor|[dão]
rebordão	nome masculino	re|bor|[dão]
rebordar	verbo	re|bor|[dar]
rebordo	nome masculino	re|[bor]|do
rebordosa	nome feminino	re|bor|[do]|sa
rebordosense	adjetivo	re|bor|do|[sen]|se
rebordosense	nome masculino	re|bor|do|[sen]|se
rebordosense	nome feminino	re|bor|do|[sen]|se
rebotada	nome feminino	re|bo|[ta]|da
rebotalho	nome masculino	re|bo|[ta]|lho
rebotar	verbo	re|bo|[tar]
rebote	nome masculino	re|[bo]|te
reboto	adjetivo	re|[bo]|to
rebraço	nome masculino	re|[bra]|ço
rebramar	verbo	re|bra|[mar]
rebramir	verbo	re|bra|[mir]
rebranquear	verbo	re|bran|que|[ar]
rebrilhação	nome feminino	re|bri|lha|[ção]
rebrilhante	adjetivo	re|bri|[lhan]|te
rebrilhar	verbo	re|bri|[lhar]
rebrilho	nome masculino	re|[bri]|lho
rebrotar	verbo	re|bro|[tar]
rebuçada	nome feminino	re|bu|[ça]|da
rebuçadamente	advérbio	re|bu|ça|da|[men]|te
rebuçado	nome masculino	re|bu|[ça]|do
rebuçado	adjetivo	re|bu|[ça]|do
