reclamadora	nome feminino	re|cla|ma|[do]|ra
reclamante	adjetivo	re|cla|[man]|te
reclamante	nome masculino	re|cla|[man]|te
reclamante	nome feminino	re|cla|[man]|te
reclamar	verbo	re|cla|[mar]
reclamável	adjetivo	re|cla|[má]|vel
reclame	nome masculino	re|[cla]|me
reclamismo	nome masculino	re|cla|[mis]|mo
reclamista	adjetivo	re|cla|[mis]|ta
reclamista	nome masculino	re|cla|[mis]|ta
reclamista	nome feminino	re|cla|[mis]|ta
reclamo	nome masculino	re|[cla]|mo
reclassificação	nome feminino	re|clas|si|fi|ca|[ção]
reclassificar	verbo	re|clas|si|fi|[car]
reclassificável	adjetivo	re|clas|si|fi|[cá]|vel
reclinação	nome feminino	re|cli|na|[ção]
reclinado	adjetivo	re|cli|[na]|do
reclinar	verbo	re|cli|[nar]
reclinatório	nome masculino	re|cli|na|[tó]|ri|o
reclinável	adjetivo	re|cli|[ná]|vel
recluir	verbo	re|clu|[ir]
reclusa	nome feminino	re|[clu]|sa
reclusão	nome feminino	re|clu|[são]
reclusar	verbo	re|clu|[sar]
recluso	nome masculino	re|[clu]|so
recluso	adjetivo	re|[clu]|so
recluta	nome masculino	re|[clu]|ta
reclutar	verbo	re|clu|[tar]
reco	nome masculino	[re]|co
reco-reco	nome masculino	re|co-re|co
recobra	nome feminino	re|[co]|bra
recobrado	adjetivo	re|co|[bra]|do
recobramento	nome masculino	re|co|bra|[men]|to
recobrar	verbo	re|co|[brar]
recobrável	adjetivo	re|co|[brá]|vel
recobrimento	nome masculino	re|co|bri|[men]|to
recobrir	verbo	re|co|[brir]
recobro	nome masculino	re|[co]|bro
recocto	adjetivo	re|[coc]|to
recogitar	verbo	re|co|gi|[tar]
recognição	nome feminino	re|cog|ni|[ção]
recognitivo	adjetivo	re|cog|ni|[ti]|vo
recognoscibilidade	nome feminino	re|cog|nos|ci|bi|li|[da]|de
recognoscível	adjetivo	re|cog|nos|[cí]|vel
recoitar	verbo	re|coi|[tar]
recoito	adjetivo	re|[coi]|to
recolagem	nome feminino	re|co|[la]|gem
recolar	verbo	re|co|[lar]
recoleção	nome feminino	re|co|le|[ção]
recolecção	nome feminino	re|co|lec|[ção]
recolecta	nome feminino	re|co|[lec]|ta
recolecto	adjetivo	re|co|[lec]|to
recolecto	nome masculino	re|co|[lec]|to
recoleição	nome feminino	re|co|lei|[ção]
recoleta	nome feminino	re|co|[le]|ta
recoleto	nome masculino	re|co|[le]|to
recoleto	adjetivo	re|co|[le]|to
recolha	nome feminino	re|[co]|lha
recolhedor	adjetivo	re|co|lhe|[dor]
recolhedor	nome masculino	re|co|lhe|[dor]
recolheita	nome feminino	re|co|[lhei]|ta
recolhença	nome feminino	re|co|[lhen]|ça
recolher	verbo	re|co|[lher]
recolher	nome masculino	re|co|[lher]
recolhida	nome feminino	re|co|[lhi]|da
recolhidamente	advérbio	re|co|lhi|da|[men]|te
recolhido	adjetivo	re|co|[lhi]|do
recolhido	nome masculino	re|co|[lhi]|do
recolhimento	nome masculino	re|co|lhi|[men]|to
recolho	nome masculino	re|[co]|lho
recolocação	nome feminino	re|co|lo|ca|[ção]
recolocar	verbo	re|co|lo|[car]
recolonização	nome feminino	re|co|lo|ni|za|[ção]
recolonizador	adjetivo	re|co|lo|ni|za|[dor]
recolonizador	nome masculino	re|co|lo|ni|za|[dor]
recolonizar	verbo	re|co|lo|ni|[zar]
recolta	nome feminino	re|[col]|ta
recoltar	verbo	re|col|[tar]
recombinação	nome feminino	re|com|bi|na|[ção]
recombinante	adjetivo	re|com|bi|[nan]|te
recombinar	verbo	re|com|bi|[nar]
recomeçar	verbo	re|co|me|[çar]
recomeço	nome masculino	re|co|[me]|ço
recomendação	nome feminino	re|co|men|da|[ção]
recomendada	nome feminino	re|co|men|[da]|da
recomendado	adjetivo	re|co|men|[da]|do
recomendado	nome masculino	re|co|men|[da]|do
recomendador	adjetivo	re|co|men|da|[dor]
recomendador	nome masculino	re|co|men|da|[dor]
recomendar	verbo	re|co|men|[dar]
recomendativo	adjetivo	re|co|men|da|[ti]|vo
recomendatório	adjetivo	re|co|men|da|[tó]|ri|o
recomendável	adjetivo	re|co|men|[dá]|vel
recomendavelmente	advérbio	re|co|men|da|vel|[men]|te
recomentar	verbo	re|co|men|[tar]
recompensa	nome feminino	re|com|[pen]|sa
recompensação	nome feminino	re|com|pen|sa|[ção]
recompensado	adjetivo	re|com|pen|[sa]|do
recompensador	adjetivo	re|com|pen|sa|[dor]
recompensador	nome masculino	re|com|pen|sa|[dor]
