reflexivamente	advérbio	re|fle|xi|va|[men]|te
reflexível	adjetivo	re|fle|[xí]|vel
reflexividade	nome feminino	re|fle|xi|vi|[da]|de
reflexivo	adjetivo	re|fle|[xi]|vo
reflexo	adjetivo	re|[fle]|xo
reflexo	nome masculino	re|[fle]|xo
reflexologia	nome feminino	re|fle|xo|lo|[gi]|a
reflexológico	adjetivo	re|fle|xo|[ló]|gi|co
reflexologista	adjetivo	re|fle|xo|lo|[gis]|ta
reflexologista	nome masculino	re|fle|xo|lo|[gis]|ta
reflexologista	nome feminino	re|fle|xo|lo|[gis]|ta
reflexólogo	nome masculino	re|fle|[xó]|lo|go
reflexoterapia	nome feminino	re|fle|xo|te|ra|[pi]|a
reflexoterápico	adjetivo	re|fle|xo|te|[rá]|pi|co
reflorência	nome feminino	re|flo|[rên]|ci|a
reflorente	adjetivo	re|flo|[ren]|te
reflorescência	nome feminino	re|flo|res|[cên]|ci|a
reflorescente	adjetivo	re|flo|res|[cen]|te
reflorescer	verbo	re|flo|res|[cer]
reflorescido	adjetivo	re|flo|res|[ci]|do
reflorescimento	nome masculino	re|flo|res|ci|[men]|to
reflorestação	nome feminino	re|flo|res|ta|[ção]
reflorestamento	nome masculino	re|flo|res|ta|[men]|to
reflorestar	verbo	re|flo|res|[tar]
reflorir	verbo	re|flo|[rir]
refluência	nome feminino	re|flu|[ên]|ci|a
refluente	adjetivo	re|flu|[en]|te
refluir	verbo	re|flu|[ir]
réfluo	adjetivo	[ré]|flu|o
reflutuação	nome feminino	re|flu|tu|a|[ção]
reflutuar	verbo	re|flu|tu|[ar]
refluxo	nome masculino	re|[flu]|xo
refocilamento	nome masculino	re|fo|ci|la|[men]|to
refocilante	adjetivo	re|fo|ci|[lan]|te
refocilar	verbo	re|fo|ci|[lar]
refogado	adjetivo	re|fo|[ga]|do
refogado	nome masculino	re|fo|[ga]|do
refogar	verbo	re|fo|[gar]
refojo	nome masculino	re|[fo]|jo
refolgar	verbo	re|fol|[gar]
refolgo	nome masculino	re|[fol]|go
refolhado	adjetivo	re|fo|[lha]|do
refolhamento	nome masculino	re|fo|lha|[men]|to
refolhar	verbo	re|fo|[lhar]
refolho	nome masculino	re|[fo]|lho
refolhudo	adjetivo	re|fo|[lhu]|do
reforçadamente	advérbio	re|for|ça|da|[men]|te
reforçado	adjetivo	re|for|[ça]|do
reforçador	adjetivo	re|for|ça|[dor]
reforçador	nome masculino	re|for|ça|[dor]
reforçar	verbo	re|for|[çar]
reforçativamente	advérbio	re|for|ça|ti|va|[men]|te
reforçativo	adjetivo	re|for|ça|[ti]|vo
reforçável	adjetivo	re|for|[çá]|vel
reforço	nome masculino	re|[for]|ço
reforjar	verbo	re|for|[jar]
reforma	nome feminino	re|[for]|ma
reformabilidade	nome feminino	re|for|ma|bi|li|[da]|de
reformação	nome feminino	re|for|ma|[ção]
reformada	nome feminino	re|for|[ma]|da
reformado	adjetivo	re|for|[ma]|do
reformado	nome masculino	re|for|[ma]|do
reformador	nome masculino	re|for|ma|[dor]
reformador	adjetivo	re|for|ma|[dor]
reformador-reitor	nome masculino	re|for|ma
reformadora	nome feminino	re|for|ma|[do]|ra
reformar	verbo	re|for|[mar]
reformativo	adjetivo	re|for|ma|[ti]|vo
reformatório	nome masculino	re|for|ma|[tó]|ri|o
reformatório	adjetivo	re|for|ma|[tó]|ri|o
reformatriz	nome feminino	re|for|ma|[triz]
reformável	adjetivo	re|for|[má]|vel
reformeca	nome feminino	re|for|[me]|ca
reformismo	nome masculino	re|for|[mis]|mo
reformista	adjetivo	re|for|[mis]|ta
reformista	nome masculino	re|for|[mis]|ta
reformista	nome feminino	re|for|[mis]|ta
reformístico	adjetivo	re|for|[mís]|ti|co
reformulação	nome feminino	re|for|mu|la|[ção]
reformulador	adjetivo	re|for|mu|la|[dor]
reformulador	nome masculino	re|for|mu|la|[dor]
reformular	verbo	re|for|mu|[lar]
reformulável	adjetivo	re|for|mu|[lá]|vel
refornecedor	adjetivo	re|for|ne|ce|[dor]
refornecedor	nome masculino	re|for|ne|ce|[dor]
refornecer	verbo	re|for|ne|[cer]
refornecimento	nome masculino	re|for|ne|ci|[men]|to
refortalecedor	adjetivo	re|for|ta|le|ce|[dor]
refortalecedor	nome masculino	re|for|ta|le|ce|[dor]
refortalecer	verbo	re|for|ta|le|[cer]
refortalecimento	nome masculino	re|for|ta|le|ci|[men]|to
refortificação	nome feminino	re|for|ti|fi|ca|[ção]
refortificar	verbo	re|for|ti|fi|[car]
refossete	nome masculino	re|fos|[se]|te
refração	nome feminino	re|fra|[ção]
refracção	nome feminino	re|frac|[ção]
refractar	verbo	re|frac|[tar]
refractariamente	advérbio	re|frac|ta|ri|a|[men]|te
refractário	adjetivo	re|frac|[tá]|ri|o
refractário	nome masculino	re|frac|[tá]|ri|o
