refractarismo	nome masculino	re|frac|ta|[ris]|mo
refractividade	nome feminino	re|frac|ti|vi|[da]|de
refractivo	adjetivo	re|frac|[ti]|vo
refracto	adjetivo	re|[frac]|to
refractômetro	nome masculino	re|frac|[tô]|me|tro
refractor	adjetivo	re|frac|[tor]
refractor	nome masculino	re|frac|[tor]
refractoscópico	adjetivo	re|frac|tos|[có]|pi|co
refractoscópio	nome masculino	re|frac|tos|[có]|pi|o
refraneiro	nome masculino	re|fra|[nei]|ro
refrangência	nome feminino	re|fran|[gên]|ci|a
refrangente	adjetivo	re|fran|[gen]|te
refranger	verbo	re|fran|[ger]
refrangibilidade	nome feminino	re|fran|gi|bi|li|[da]|de
refrangível	adjetivo	re|fran|[gí]|vel
refranzear	verbo	re|fran|ze|[ar]
refrão	nome masculino	re|[frão]
refratar	verbo	re|fra|[tar]
refratariamente	advérbio	re|fra|ta|ri|a|[men]|te
refratário	adjetivo	re|fra|[tá]|ri|o
refratário	nome masculino	re|fra|[tá]|ri|o
refratarismo	nome masculino	re|fra|ta|[ris]|mo
refratividade	nome feminino	re|fra|ti|vi|[da]|de
refrativo	adjetivo	re|fra|[ti]|vo
refrato	adjetivo	re|[fra]|to
refratometria	nome feminino	re|fra|to|me|[tri]|a
refratométrico	adjetivo	re|fra|to|[mé]|tri|co
refratômetro	nome masculino	re|fra|[tô]|me|tro
refratómetro	nome masculino	re|fra|[tó]|me|tro
refrator	adjetivo	re|fra|[tor]
refrator	nome masculino	re|fra|[tor]
refratoscópico	adjetivo	re|fra|tos|[có]|pi|co
refratoscópio	nome masculino	re|fra|tos|[có]|pi|o
refreado	adjetivo	re|fre|[a]|do
refreador	adjetivo	re|fre|a|[dor]
refreador	nome masculino	re|fre|a|[dor]
refreadouro	nome masculino	re|fre|a|[dou]|ro
refreamento	nome masculino	re|fre|a|[men]|to
refrear	verbo	re|fre|[ar]
refreável	adjetivo	re|fre|[á]|vel
refrega	nome feminino	re|[fre]|ga
refregar	verbo	re|fre|[gar]
refreio	nome masculino	re|[frei]|o
refrém	nome masculino	re|[frém]
refrescada	nome feminino	re|fres|[ca]|da
refrescadela	nome feminino	re|fres|ca|[de]|la
refrescado	adjetivo	re|fres|[ca]|do
refrescamento	nome masculino	re|fres|ca|[men]|to
refrescante	adjetivo	re|fres|[can]|te
refrescar	verbo	re|fres|[car]
refrescata	nome feminino	re|fres|[ca]|ta
refrescativo	adjetivo	re|fres|ca|[ti]|vo
refrescável	adjetivo	re|fres|[cá]|vel
refresco	nome masculino	re|[fres]|co
refresquidão	nome feminino	re|fres|qui|[dão]
refretar	verbo	re|fre|[tar]
refrigeração	nome feminino	re|fri|ge|ra|[ção]
refrigerador	adjetivo	re|fri|ge|ra|[dor]
refrigerador	nome masculino	re|fri|ge|ra|[dor]
refrigerante	adjetivo	re|fri|ge|[ran]|te
refrigerante	nome masculino	re|fri|ge|[ran]|te
refrigerar	verbo	re|fri|ge|[rar]
refrigerativo	adjetivo	re|fri|ge|ra|[ti]|vo
refrigerativo	nome masculino	re|fri|ge|ra|[ti]|vo
refrigeratório	adjetivo	re|fri|ge|ra|[tó]|ri|o
refrigerável	adjetivo	re|fri|ge|[rá]|vel
refrigério	nome masculino	re|fri|[gé]|ri|o
refrígero	adjetivo	re|[frí]|ge|ro
refringência	nome feminino	re|frin|[gên]|ci|a
refringente	adjetivo	re|frin|[gen]|te
refrondar	verbo	re|fron|[dar]
refrondescer	verbo	re|fron|des|[cer]
refrulhar	verbo	re|fru|[lhar]
refrulho	nome masculino	re|[fru]|lho
refugado	adjetivo	re|fu|[ga]|do
refugador	adjetivo	re|fu|ga|[dor]
refugador	nome masculino	re|fu|ga|[dor]
refugar	verbo	re|fu|[gar]
refugiada	nome feminino	re|fu|gi|[a]|da
refugiado	adjetivo	re|fu|gi|[a]|do
refugiado	nome masculino	re|fu|gi|[a]|do
refugiar	verbo	re|fu|gi|[ar]
refúgio	nome masculino	re|[fú]|gi|o
refugir	verbo	re|fu|[gir]
refugo	nome masculino	re|[fu]|go
refulgência	nome feminino	re|ful|[gên]|ci|a
refulgente	adjetivo	re|ful|[gen]|te
refúlgido	adjetivo	re|[fúl]|gi|do
refulgir	verbo	re|ful|[gir]
refundação	nome feminino	re|fun|da|[ção]
refundar	verbo	re|fun|[dar]
refundição	nome feminino	re|fun|di|[ção]
refundidor	adjetivo	re|fun|di|[dor]
refundidor	nome masculino	re|fun|di|[dor]
refundir	verbo	re|fun|[dir]
refundível	adjetivo	re|fun|[dí]|vel
refunfar	verbo	re|fun|[far]
refusão	nome feminino	re|fu|[são]
refusar	verbo	re|fu|[sar]
refustão	nome masculino	re|fus|[tão]
