reoscópio	nome masculino	re|os|[có]|pi|o
reostático	adjetivo	re|os|[tá]|ti|co
reóstato	nome masculino	re|[ós]|ta|to
reotáctico	adjetivo	re|o|[tác]|ti|co
reotático	adjetivo	re|o|[tá]|ti|co
reotaxia	nome feminino	re|o|ta|[xi]|a
reotômico	adjetivo	re|o|[tô]|mi|co
reotómico	adjetivo	re|o|[tó]|mi|co
reótomo	nome masculino	re|[ó]|to|mo
reotrópio	nome masculino	re|o|[tró]|pi|o
reotropismo	nome masculino	re|o|tro|[pis]|mo
reouvir	verbo	re|ou|[vir]
reoxidação	nome feminino	re|o|xi|da|[ção]
reoxidar	verbo	re|o|xi|[dar]
reoxigenação	nome feminino	re|o|xi|ge|na|[ção]
reoxigenar	verbo	re|o|xi|ge|[nar]
repa	nome feminino	[re]|pa
repagar	verbo	re|pa|[gar]
repaginação	nome feminino	re|pa|gi|na|[ção]
repaginar	verbo	re|pa|gi|[nar]
repago	adjetivo	re|[pa]|go
repairar	verbo	re|pai|[rar]
repairo	nome masculino	re|[pai]|ro
repandirrostro	adjetivo	re|pan|dir|[ros]|tro
reparação	nome feminino	re|pa|ra|[ção]
reparadeira	nome feminino	re|pa|ra|[dei]|ra
reparador	adjetivo	re|pa|ra|[dor]
reparador	nome masculino	re|pa|ra|[dor]
reparadora	nome feminino	re|pa|ra|[do]|ra
reparar	verbo	re|pa|[rar]
reparatório	adjetivo	re|pa|ra|[tó]|ri|o
reparável	adjetivo	re|pa|[rá]|vel
reparo	nome masculino	re|[pa]|ro
repartição	nome feminino	re|par|ti|[ção]
repartideira	nome feminino	re|par|ti|[dei]|ra
repartido	adjetivo	re|par|[ti]|do
repartido	nome masculino	re|par|[ti]|do
repartidor	nome masculino	re|par|ti|[dor]
repartidor	adjetivo	re|par|ti|[dor]
repartimento	nome masculino	re|par|ti|[men]|to
repartir	verbo	re|par|[tir]
repartitivo	adjetivo	re|par|ti|[ti]|vo
repartível	adjetivo	re|par|[tí]|vel
repassada	nome feminino	re|pas|[sa]|da
repassadeira	nome feminino	re|pas|sa|[dei]|ra
repassado	adjetivo	re|pas|[sa]|do
repassador	nome masculino	re|pas|sa|[dor]
repassagem	nome feminino	re|pas|[sa]|gem
repassar	verbo	re|pas|[sar]
repassável	adjetivo	re|pas|[sá]|vel
repasse	nome masculino	re|[pas]|se
repasso	nome masculino	re|[pas]|so
repastar	verbo	re|pas|[tar]
repasto	nome masculino	re|[pas]|to
repatanar	verbo	re|pa|ta|[nar]
repatriação	nome feminino	re|pa|tri|a|[ção]
repatriado	adjetivo	re|pa|tri|[a]|do
repatriador	adjetivo	re|pa|tri|a|[dor]
repatriador	nome masculino	re|pa|tri|a|[dor]
repatriamento	nome masculino	re|pa|tri|a|[men]|to
repatriar	verbo	re|pa|tri|[ar]
repatriável	adjetivo	re|pa|tri|[á]|vel
repavimentação	nome feminino	re|pa|vi|men|ta|[ção]
repavimentar	verbo	re|pa|vi|men|[tar]
repechar	verbo	re|pe|[char]
repecho	nome masculino	re|[pe]|cho
repegar	verbo	re|pe|[gar]
repelão	nome masculino	re|pe|[lão]
repelar	verbo	re|pe|[lar]
repelência	nome feminino	re|pe|[lên]|ci|a
repelente	adjetivo	re|pe|[len]|te
repelente	nome masculino	re|pe|[len]|te
repelentemente	advérbio	re|pe|len|te|[men]|te
repelido	adjetivo	re|pe|[li]|do
repelido	nome masculino	re|pe|[li]|do
repelir	verbo	re|pe|[lir]
repelo	nome masculino	re|[pe]|lo
repenetração	nome feminino	re|pe|ne|tra|[ção]
repenetrar	verbo	re|pe|ne|[trar]
repenicadela	nome feminino	re|pe|ni|ca|[de]|la
repenicado	adjetivo	re|pe|ni|[ca]|do
repenicado	nome masculino	re|pe|ni|[ca]|do
repenicar	verbo	re|pe|ni|[car]
repenique	nome masculino	re|pe|[ni]|que
repensão	nome feminino	re|pen|[são]
repensar	verbo	re|pen|[sar]
repente	nome masculino	re|[pen]|te
repentemente	advérbio	re|pen|te|[men]|te
repentinamente	advérbio	re|pen|ti|na|[men]|te
repentinar	verbo	re|pen|ti|[nar]
repentinidade	nome feminino	re|pen|ti|ni|[da]|de
repentino	adjetivo	re|pen|[ti]|no
repentinoso	adjetivo	re|pen|ti|[no]|so
repentismo	nome masculino	re|pen|[tis]|mo
repentista	adjetivo	re|pen|[tis]|ta
repentista	nome masculino	re|pen|[tis]|ta
repentista	nome feminino	re|pen|[tis]|ta
repercussão	nome feminino	re|per|cus|[são]
repercussivo	adjetivo	re|per|cus|[si]|vo
repercusso	nome masculino	re|per|[cus]|so
