repercutente	adjetivo	re|per|cu|[ten]|te
repercutir	verbo	re|per|cu|[tir]
reperfilamento	nome masculino	re|per|fi|la|[men]|to
repergunta	nome feminino	re|per|[gun]|ta
reperguntar	verbo	re|per|gun|[tar]
repertoriar	verbo	re|per|to|ri|[ar]
repertório	nome masculino	re|per|[tó]|ri|o
repes	nome masculino	[re]|pes
repesador	adjetivo	re|pe|sa|[dor]
repesador	nome masculino	re|pe|sa|[dor]
repesar	verbo	re|pe|[sar]
repescagem	nome feminino	re|pes|[ca]|gem
repescar	verbo	re|pes|[car]
repeso	adjetivo	re|[pe]|so
repeso	nome masculino	re|[pe]|so
repesouro	nome masculino	re|pe|[sou]|ro
repetear	verbo	re|pe|te|[ar]
repetenado	adjetivo	re|pe|te|[na]|do
repetenar	verbo	re|pe|te|[nar]
repetência	nome feminino	re|pe|[tên]|ci|a
repetente	adjetivo	re|pe|[ten]|te
repetente	nome masculino	re|pe|[ten]|te
repetente	nome feminino	re|pe|[ten]|te
repetição	nome feminino	re|pe|ti|[ção]
repetidamente	advérbio	re|pe|ti|da|[men]|te
repetido	adjetivo	re|pe|[ti]|do
repetidor	nome masculino	re|pe|ti|[dor]
repetidor	adjetivo	re|pe|ti|[dor]
repetidora	nome feminino	re|pe|ti|[do]|ra
repetir	verbo	re|pe|[tir]
repetitivo	adjetivo	re|pe|ti|[ti]|vo
repetitório	adjetivo	re|pe|ti|[tó]|ri|o
repetível	adjetivo	re|pe|[tí]|vel
répia	nome feminino	[ré]|pi|a
repica-ponto	nome masculino	re|pi|ca-pon|to
repicada	nome feminino	re|pi|[ca]|da
repicador	adjetivo	re|pi|ca|[dor]
repicador	nome masculino	re|pi|ca|[dor]
repicagem	nome feminino	re|pi|[ca]|gem
repicar	verbo	re|pi|[car]
repichel	nome masculino	re|pi|[chel]
repieiro	nome masculino	re|pi|[ei]|ro
repiento	adjetivo	re|pi|[en]|to
repilgado	adjetivo	re|pil|[ga]|do
repimpadamente	advérbio	re|pim|pa|da|[men]|te
repimpado	adjetivo	re|pim|[pa]|do
repimpar	verbo	re|pim|[par]
repimpim	nome masculino	re|pim|[pim]
repinaldo	nome masculino	re|pi|[nal]|do
repinchar	verbo	re|pin|[char]
repinicado	nome masculino	re|pi|ni|[ca]|do
repinicar	verbo	re|pi|ni|[car]
repinique	nome masculino	re|pi|[ni]|que
repintalgado	adjetivo	re|pin|tal|[ga]|do
repintar	verbo	re|pin|[tar]
repique	nome masculino	re|[pi]|que
repiquetar	verbo	re|pi|que|[tar]
repiquete	nome masculino	re|pi|[que]|te
repisa	nome feminino	re|[pi]|sa
repisação	nome feminino	re|pi|sa|[ção]
repisadamente	advérbio	re|pi|sa|da|[men]|te
repisado	adjetivo	re|pi|[sa]|do
repisador	adjetivo	re|pi|sa|[dor]
repisador	nome masculino	re|pi|sa|[dor]
repisamento	nome masculino	re|pi|sa|[men]|to
repisar	verbo	re|pi|[sar]
repisativo	adjetivo	re|pi|sa|[ti]|vo
repiscar	verbo	re|pis|[car]
repiso	nome masculino	re|[pi]|so
repitosca	nome feminino	re|pi|[tos]|ca
replaina	nome feminino	re|[plai]|na
replainar	verbo	re|plai|[nar]
replaino	nome masculino	re|[plai]|no
replanado	adjetivo	re|pla|[na]|do
replantação	nome feminino	re|plan|ta|[ção]
replantador	adjetivo	re|plan|ta|[dor]
replantador	nome masculino	re|plan|ta|[dor]
replantar	verbo	re|plan|[tar]
replantável	adjetivo	re|plan|[tá]|vel
replantio	nome masculino	re|plan|[ti]|o
replay	nome masculino	re|play
repleção	nome feminino	re|ple|[ção]
replenar	verbo	re|ple|[nar]
repleno	nome masculino	re|[ple]|no
repleno	adjetivo	re|[ple]|no
repletar	verbo	re|ple|[tar]
repleto	adjetivo	re|[ple]|to
réplica	nome feminino	[ré]|pli|ca
replicação	nome feminino	re|pli|ca|[ção]
replicador	adjetivo	re|pli|ca|[dor]
replicador	nome masculino	re|pli|ca|[dor]
replicante	adjetivo	re|pli|[can]|te
replicar	verbo	re|pli|[car]
replicativo	adjetivo	re|pli|ca|[ti]|vo
replicável	adjetivo	re|pli|[cá]|vel
repoda	nome feminino	re|[po]|da
repodar	verbo	re|po|[dar]
repoisadamente	advérbio	re|poi|sa|da|[men]|te
repoisado	adjetivo	re|poi|[sa]|do
repoisante	adjetivo	re|poi|[san]|te
