republicanizar	verbo	re|pu|bli|ca|ni|[zar]
republicano	nome masculino	re|pu|bli|[ca]|no
republicano	adjetivo	re|pu|bli|[ca]|no
republicar	verbo	re|pu|bli|[car]
republicável	adjetivo	re|pu|bli|[cá]|vel
republicida	nome masculino	re|pu|bli|[ci]|da
republicida	nome feminino	re|pu|bli|[ci]|da
republicídio	nome masculino	re|pu|bli|[cí]|di|o
repúblico	adjetivo	re|[pú]|bli|co
repúblico	nome masculino	re|[pú]|bli|co
republícola	adjetivo	re|pu|[blí]|co|la
republícola	nome masculino	re|pu|[blí]|co|la
republícola	nome feminino	re|pu|[blí]|co|la
republiqueiro	nome masculino	re|pu|bli|[quei]|ro
republiqueta	nome feminino	re|pu|bli|[que]|ta
repuclicida	nome feminino	re|pu|cli|[ci]|da
repudiação	nome feminino	re|pu|di|a|[ção]
repudiador	adjetivo	re|pu|di|a|[dor]
repudiador	nome masculino	re|pu|di|a|[dor]
repudiamento	nome masculino	re|pu|di|a|[men]|to
repudiante	adjetivo	re|pu|di|[an]|te
repudiante	nome masculino	re|pu|di|[an]|te
repudiante	nome feminino	re|pu|di|[an]|te
repudiar	verbo	re|pu|di|[ar]
repudiável	adjetivo	re|pu|di|[á]|vel
repúdio	nome masculino	re|[pú]|di|o
repugnador	adjetivo	re|pug|na|[dor]
repugnador	nome masculino	re|pug|na|[dor]
repugnância	nome feminino	re|pug|[nân]|ci|a
repugnante	adjetivo	re|pug|[nan]|te
repugnantemente	advérbio	re|pug|nan|te|[men]|te
repugnar	verbo	re|pug|[nar]
repugno	nome masculino	re|[pug]|no
repulsa	nome feminino	re|[pul]|sa
repulsão	nome feminino	re|pul|[são]
repulsar	verbo	re|pul|[sar]
repulsivamente	advérbio	re|pul|si|va|[men]|te
repulsivo	adjetivo	re|pul|[si]|vo
repulso	adjetivo	re|[pul]|so
repulso	nome masculino	re|[pul]|so
repulsor	adjetivo	re|pul|[sor]
repulsor	nome masculino	re|pul|[sor]
repululação	nome feminino	re|pu|lu|la|[ção]
repulular	verbo	re|pu|lu|[lar]
repulverização	nome feminino	re|pul|ve|ri|za|[ção]
repulverizar	verbo	re|pul|ve|ri|[zar]
repungente	adjetivo	re|pun|[gen]|te
repungir	verbo	re|pun|[gir]
repunhante	adjetivo	re|pu|[nhan]|te
repunhar	verbo	re|pu|[nhar]
repurgação	nome feminino	re|pur|ga|[ção]
repurgar	verbo	re|pur|[gar]
repurificação	nome feminino	re|pu|ri|fi|ca|[ção]
repurificar	verbo	re|pu|ri|fi|[car]
reputação	nome feminino	re|pu|ta|[ção]
reputado	adjetivo	re|pu|[ta]|do
reputar	verbo	re|pu|[tar]
repuxada	nome feminino	re|pu|[xa]|da
repuxado	adjetivo	re|pu|[xa]|do
repuxador	nome masculino	re|pu|xa|[dor]
repuxamento	nome masculino	re|pu|xa|[men]|to
repuxante	adjetivo	re|pu|[xan]|te
repuxão	nome masculino	re|pu|[xão]
repuxar	verbo	re|pu|[xar]
repuxo	nome masculino	re|[pu]|xo
requadrupedar	verbo	re|qua|dru|pe|[dar]
requalificação	nome feminino	re|qua|li|fi|ca|[ção]
requalificar	verbo	re|qua|li|fi|[car]
requarto	nome masculino	re|[quar]|to
reque-reque	nome masculino	re|que-re|que
requebradamente	advérbio	re|que|bra|da|[men]|te
requebrado	adjetivo	re|que|[bra]|do
requebrado	nome masculino	re|que|[bra]|do
requebrador	adjetivo	re|que|bra|[dor]
requebrador	nome masculino	re|que|bra|[dor]
requebradora	nome feminino	re|que|bra|[do]|ra
requebrar	verbo	re|que|[brar]
requebrilho	nome masculino	re|que|[bri]|lho
requebro	nome masculino	re|[que]|bro
requeifa	nome feminino	re|[quei]|fa
requeija	nome feminino	re|[quei]|ja
requeijão	nome masculino	re|quei|[jão]
requeijaria	nome feminino	re|quei|ja|[ri]|a
requeijeiro	nome masculino	re|quei|[jei]|ro
requeijiteira	nome feminino	re|quei|ji|[tei]|ra
requeijito	nome masculino	re|quei|[ji]|to
requeima	nome feminino	re|[quei]|ma
requeimação	nome feminino	re|quei|ma|[ção]
requeimado	adjetivo	re|quei|[ma]|do
requeimar	verbo	re|quei|[mar]
requeime	nome masculino	re|[quei]|me
requeimo	nome masculino	re|[quei]|mo
requentado	adjetivo	re|quen|[ta]|do
requentão	nome masculino	re|quen|[tão]
requentar	verbo	re|quen|[tar]
requeredor	adjetivo	re|que|re|[dor]
requeredor	nome masculino	re|que|re|[dor]
requerente	adjetivo	re|que|[ren]|te
requerente	nome masculino	re|que|[ren]|te
requerente	nome feminino	re|que|[ren]|te
