reservador	adjetivo	re|ser|va|[dor]
reservador	nome masculino	re|ser|va|[dor]
reservar	verbo	re|ser|[var]
reservatário	nome masculino	re|ser|va|[tá]|ri|o
reservativo	adjetivo	re|ser|va|[ti]|vo
reservatório	nome masculino	re|ser|va|[tó]|ri|o
reservatório	adjetivo	re|ser|va|[tó]|ri|o
reservável	adjetivo	re|ser|[vá]|vel
reservista	nome masculino	re|ser|[vis]|ta
reservista	nome feminino	re|ser|[vis]|ta
reservo	nome masculino	re|[ser]|vo
resfolegado	adjetivo	res|fo|le|[ga]|do
resfolegadoiro	nome masculino	res|fo|le|ga|[doi]|ro
resfolegadouro	nome masculino	res|fo|le|ga|[dou]|ro
resfolegante	adjetivo	res|fo|le|[gan]|te
resfolegar	verbo	res|fo|le|[gar]
resfôlego	nome masculino	res|[fô]|le|go
resfolgado	adjetivo	res|fol|[ga]|do
resfolgadoiro	nome masculino	res|fol|ga|[doi]|ro
resfolgadouro	nome masculino	res|fol|ga|[dou]|ro
resfolgante	adjetivo	res|fol|[gan]|te
resfolgar	verbo	res|fol|[gar]
resfolgo	nome masculino	res|[fol]|go
resfriadeira	nome feminino	res|fri|a|[dei]|ra
resfriado	adjetivo	res|fri|[a]|do
resfriado	nome masculino	res|fri|[a]|do
resfriadoiro	nome masculino	res|fri|a|[doi]|ro
resfriador	adjetivo	res|fri|a|[dor]
resfriador	nome masculino	res|fri|a|[dor]
resfriadouro	nome masculino	res|fri|a|[dou]|ro
resfriamento	nome masculino	res|fri|a|[men]|to
resfriar	verbo	res|fri|[ar]
resgalha	nome feminino	res|[ga]|lha
resgar	verbo	res|[gar]
resgatabilidade	nome feminino	res|ga|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
resgatador	adjetivo	res|ga|ta|[dor]
resgatador	nome masculino	res|ga|ta|[dor]
resgatadora	nome feminino	res|ga|ta|[do]|ra
resgatar	verbo	res|ga|[tar]
resgatável	adjetivo	res|ga|[tá]|vel
resgate	nome masculino	res|[ga]|te
resgo	nome masculino	[res]|go
resguardador	adjetivo	res|guar|da|[dor]
resguardador	nome masculino	res|guar|da|[dor]
resguardar	verbo	res|guar|[dar]
resguardável	adjetivo	res|guar|[dá]|vel
resguardo	nome masculino	res|[guar]|do
residência	nome feminino	re|si|[dên]|ci|a
residência-geral	nome feminino	re|si
residencial	adjetivo	re|si|den|ci|[al]
residencial	nome feminino	re|si|den|ci|[al]
residente	adjetivo	re|si|[den]|te
residente	nome masculino	re|si|[den]|te
residente	nome feminino	re|si|[den]|te
residente-geral	nome masculino	re|si
residio	nome masculino	re|si|[di]|o
residir	verbo	re|si|[dir]
residual	adjetivo	re|si|du|[al]
residuário	adjetivo	re|si|du|[á]|ri|o
resíduo	nome masculino	re|[sí]|du|o
resíduo	adjetivo	re|[sí]|du|o
resignação	nome feminino	re|sig|na|[ção]
resignadamente	advérbio	re|sig|na|da|[men]|te
resignado	adjetivo	re|sig|[na]|do
resignante	adjetivo	re|sig|[nan]|te
resignante	nome masculino	re|sig|[nan]|te
resignante	nome feminino	re|sig|[nan]|te
resignar	verbo	re|sig|[nar]
resignatária	nome feminino	re|sig|na|[tá]|ri|a
resignatário	adjetivo	re|sig|na|[tá]|ri|o
resignatário	nome masculino	re|sig|na|[tá]|ri|o
resignável	adjetivo	re|sig|[ná]|vel
resilição	nome feminino	re|si|li|[ção]
resiliência	nome feminino	re|si|li|[ên]|ci|a
resiliente	adjetivo	re|si|li|[en]|te
resilir	verbo	re|si|[lir]
resilível	adjetivo	re|si|[lí]|vel
resina	nome feminino	re|[si]|na
resina de jalapa	nome feminino	re|[si]|na de ja|la|pa
resinação	nome feminino	re|si|na|[ção]
resinado	adjetivo	re|si|[na]|do
resinagem	nome feminino	re|si|[na]|gem
resinar	verbo	re|si|[nar]
resineiro	adjetivo	re|si|[nei]|ro
resineiro	nome masculino	re|si|[nei]|ro
resinento	adjetivo	re|si|[nen]|to
resíneo	adjetivo	re|[sí]|ne|o
resinífero	adjetivo	re|si|[ní]|fe|ro
resinificação	nome feminino	re|si|ni|fi|ca|[ção]
resinificar	verbo	re|si|ni|fi|[car]
resinificável	adjetivo	re|si|ni|fi|[cá]|vel
resiniforme	adjetivo	re|si|ni|[for]|me
resinite	nome feminino	re|si|[ni]|te
resinocero	nome masculino	re|si|no|[ce]|ro
resinoide	adjetivo	re|si|[noi]|de
resinosa	nome feminino	re|si|[no]|sa
resinoso	adjetivo	re|si|[no]|so
resinoso	nome masculino	re|si|[no]|so
resipiscência	nome feminino	re|si|pis|[cên]|ci|a
resispicência	nome feminino	re|sis|pi|[cên]|ci|a
