rodelo	nome masculino	ro|[de]|lo
rodense	adjetivo	ro|[den]|se
rodense	nome masculino	ro|[den]|se
rodense	nome feminino	ro|[den]|se
rodenticida	adjetivo	ro|den|ti|[ci]|da
rodenticida	nome masculino	ro|den|ti|[ci]|da
rodenticida	nome feminino	ro|den|ti|[ci]|da
rodeo	nome masculino	ro|de|o
rodesiano	adjetivo	ro|de|si|[a]|no
rodesiano	nome masculino	ro|de|si|[a]|no
rodeta	nome feminino	ro|[de]|ta
rodete	nome masculino	ro|[de]|te
rodício	nome masculino	ro|[dí]|ci|o
ródico	adjetivo	[ró]|di|co
ródico	nome masculino	[ró]|di|co
rodiense	adjetivo	ro|di|[en]|se
rodiense	nome masculino	ro|di|[en]|se
rodiense	nome feminino	ro|di|[en]|se
rodilha	nome feminino	ro|[di]|lha
rodilhado	nome masculino	ro|di|[lha]|do
rodilhão	nome masculino	ro|di|[lhão]
rodilhar	verbo	ro|di|[lhar]
rodilheiro	nome masculino	ro|di|[lhei]|ro
rodilhice	nome feminino	ro|di|[lhi]|ce
rodilho	nome masculino	ro|[di]|lho
rodilhudo	adjetivo	ro|di|[lhu]|do
rodim	nome masculino	ro|[dim]
rodinha	nome feminino	ro|[di]|nha
ródio	nome masculino	[ró]|di|o
rodiopolitano	adjetivo	ro|di|o|po|li|[ta]|no
rodiopolitano	nome masculino	ro|di|o|po|li|[ta]|no
rodiosca	nome feminino	ro|di|[os]|ca
rodiota	adjetivo	ro|di|[o]|ta
rodiota	nome masculino	ro|di|[o]|ta
rodiota	nome feminino	ro|di|[o]|ta
rodista	nome masculino	ro|[dis]|ta
rodite	nome feminino	ro|[di]|te
rodízia	nome feminino	ro|[dí]|zi|a
rodiziar	verbo	ro|di|zi|[ar]
rodízio	nome masculino	ro|[dí]|zi|o
rodo	nome masculino	[ro]|do
rodócera	nome feminino	ro|[dó]|ce|ra
rodoclorite	nome feminino	ro|do|clo|[ri]|te
rodocromatite	nome feminino	ro|do|cro|ma|[ti]|te
rodocrómio	nome masculino	ro|do|[cró]|mi|o
rodocrômio	nome masculino	ro|do|[crô]|mi|o
rodocrosita	nome feminino	ro|do|cro|[si]|ta
rodocrosite	nome feminino	ro|do|cro|[si]|te
rododáctilo	adjetivo	ro|do|[dác]|ti|lo
rododendrácea	nome feminino	ro|do|den|[drá]|ce|a
rododêndrea	nome feminino	ro|do|[dên]|dre|a
rododendro	nome masculino	ro|do|[den]|dro
rodoferroviário	adjetivo	ro|do|fer|ro|vi|[á]|ri|o
rodofícea	nome feminino	ro|do|[fí]|ce|a
rodofícea	adjetivo	ro|do|[fí]|ce|a
rodofíceo	adjetivo	ro|do|[fí]|ce|o
rodofilite	nome feminino	ro|do|fi|[li]|te
rodogástreo	adjetivo	ro|do|[gás]|tre|o
rodografia	nome feminino	ro|do|gra|[fi]|a
rodográfico	adjetivo	ro|do|[grá]|fi|co
rodoiça	nome feminino	ro|[doi]|ça
rodolena	nome feminino	ro|do|[le]|na
rodolfino	adjetivo	ro|dol|[fi]|no
rodólito	nome masculino	ro|[dó]|li|to
rodologia	nome feminino	ro|do|lo|[gi]|a
rodológico	adjetivo	ro|do|[ló]|gi|co
rodomel	nome masculino	ro|do|[mel]
rodômela	nome feminino	ro|[dô]|me|la
rodómela	nome feminino	ro|[dó]|me|la
rodomelácea	nome feminino	ro|do|me|[lá]|ce|a
rodonita	nome feminino	ro|do|[ni]|ta
rodonite	nome feminino	ro|do|[ni]|te
rodopelo	nome masculino	ro|do|[pe]|lo
rodopeu	adjetivo	ro|do|[peu]
rodopiante	adjetivo	ro|do|pi|[an]|te
rodopiante	nome masculino	ro|do|pi|[an]|te
rodopiante	nome feminino	ro|do|pi|[an]|te
rodopiar	verbo	ro|do|pi|[ar]
rodopio	nome masculino	ro|do|[pi]|o
rodopsina	nome feminino	ro|dop|[si]|na
rodóptero	adjetivo	ro|[dóp]|te|ro
rodora	nome feminino	ro|[do]|ra
rodorácea	nome feminino	ro|do|[rá]|ce|a
rodospermo	adjetivo	ro|dos|[per]|mo
rodóstomo	adjetivo	ro|[dós]|to|mo
rodouça	nome feminino	ro|[dou]|ça
rodovalho	nome masculino	ro|do|[va]|lho
rodovia	nome feminino	ro|do|[vi]|a
rodoviária	nome feminino	ro|do|vi|[á]|ri|a
rodoviário	adjetivo	ro|do|vi|[á]|ri|o
rodoviário	nome masculino	ro|do|vi|[á]|ri|o
rodriga	nome feminino	ro|[dri]|ga
rodrigão	nome masculino	ro|dri|[gão]
rodrigar	verbo	ro|dri|[gar]
rodrigo-afonso	nome masculino	[ro]
rodriguézia	nome feminino	ro|dri|[gué]|zi|a
rodriguice	nome feminino	ro|dri|[gui]|ce
rodriguinho	nome masculino	ro|dri|[gui]|nho
rodura	nome feminino	ro|[du]|ra
roedeira	nome feminino	ro|e|[dei]|ra
