romana	nome feminino	ro|[ma]|na
romanamente	advérbio	ro|ma|na|[men]|te
romança	nome feminino	ro|[man]|ça
romançada	nome feminino	ro|man|[ça]|da
romançaria	nome feminino	ro|man|ça|[ri]|a
romance	nome masculino	ro|[man]|ce
romanceação	nome feminino	ro|man|ce|a|[ção]
romanceado	adjetivo	ro|man|ce|[a]|do
romancear	verbo	ro|man|ce|[ar]
romanceiro	nome masculino	ro|man|[cei]|ro
romanche	nome masculino	ro|[man]|che
romancice	nome feminino	ro|man|[ci]|ce
romancilho	nome masculino	ro|man|[ci]|lho
romancismo	nome masculino	ro|man|[cis]|mo
romancista	nome masculino	ro|man|[cis]|ta
romancista	nome feminino	ro|man|[cis]|ta
romanço	nome masculino	ro|[man]|ço
romando	adjetivo	ro|[man]|do
romaneira	nome feminino	ro|ma|[nei]|ra
romanescado	adjetivo	ro|ma|nes|[ca]|do
romanescamente	advérbio	ro|ma|nes|ca|[men]|te
romanesco	adjetivo	ro|ma|[nes]|co
romanesco	nome masculino	ro|ma|[nes]|co
romanho	nome masculino	ro|[ma]|nho
romani	nome masculino	ro|ma|[ni]
romania	nome feminino	ro|ma|[ni]|a
romanicamente	advérbio	ro|ma|ni|ca|[men]|te
românico	nome masculino	ro|[mâ]|ni|co
românico	adjetivo	ro|[mâ]|ni|co
romanidade	nome feminino	ro|ma|ni|[da]|de
romanim	nome masculino	ro|ma|[nim]
romanisco	adjetivo	ro|ma|[nis]|co
romanismo	nome masculino	ro|ma|[nis]|mo
romanista	nome masculino	ro|ma|[nis]|ta
romanista	adjetivo	ro|ma|[nis]|ta
romanista	nome feminino	ro|ma|[nis]|ta
romanística	nome feminino	ro|ma|[nís]|ti|ca
romanisticamente	advérbio	ro|ma|nis|ti|ca|[men]|te
romanístico	adjetivo	ro|ma|[nís]|ti|co
romanização	nome feminino	ro|ma|ni|za|[ção]
romanizado	adjetivo	ro|ma|ni|[za]|do
romanizador	adjetivo	ro|ma|ni|za|[dor]
romanizador	nome masculino	ro|ma|ni|za|[dor]
romanizar	verbo	ro|ma|ni|[zar]
romanizável	adjetivo	ro|ma|ni|[zá]|vel
romano	nome masculino	ro|[ma]|no
romano	adjetivo	ro|[ma]|no
romano-clássico	adjetivo	ro|ma|no-clás|si|co
romano-germânico	adjetivo	ro|ma|no-ger|[mâ]|ni|co
romano-vulgar	adjetivo	ro|ma|no-vul|[gar]
romanofilia	nome feminino	ro|ma|no|fi|[li]|a
romanófilo	adjetivo	ro|ma|[nó]|fi|lo
romanófilo	nome masculino	ro|ma|[nó]|fi|lo
romanóloga	nome feminino	ro|ma|[nó]|lo|ga
romanologia	nome feminino	ro|ma|no|lo|[gi]|a
romanológico	adjetivo	ro|ma|no|[ló]|gi|co
romanologista	nome masculino	ro|ma|no|lo|[gis]|ta
romanologista	nome feminino	ro|ma|no|lo|[gis]|ta
romanólogo	nome masculino	ro|ma|[nó]|lo|go
romântica	nome feminino	ro|[mân]|ti|ca
romanticamente	advérbio	ro|man|ti|ca|[men]|te
romanticismo	nome masculino	ro|man|ti|[cis]|mo
romântico	adjetivo	ro|[mân]|ti|co
romântico	nome masculino	ro|[mân]|ti|co
romantismo	nome masculino	ro|man|[tis]|mo
romantização	nome feminino	ro|man|ti|za|[ção]
romantizador	adjetivo	ro|man|ti|za|[dor]
romantizador	nome masculino	ro|man|ti|za|[dor]
romantizar	verbo	ro|man|ti|[zar]
romanza	nome feminino	ro|[man]|za
romão	adjetivo	ro|[mão]
romão	nome masculino	ro|[mão]
romãozinho	nome masculino	ro|[mão]|zi|nho
romaria	nome feminino	ro|ma|[ri]|a
romãzeira	nome feminino	ro|[mã]|zei|ra
romãzeiral	nome masculino	ro|[mã]|zei|ral
rômbico	adjetivo	[rôm]|bi|co
rombífero	adjetivo	rom|[bí]|fe|ro
rombifoliado	adjetivo	rom|bi|fo|li|[a]|do
rombifólio	adjetivo	rom|bi|[fó]|li|o
rombiforme	adjetivo	rom|bi|[for]|me
rombo	nome masculino	[rom]|bo
rombo	adjetivo	[rom]|bo
rombocéfalo	nome masculino	rom|bo|[cé]|fa|lo
rombododecaedro	nome masculino	rom|bo|do|de|ca|[e]|dro
romboédrico	adjetivo	rom|bo|[é]|dri|co
romboedro	nome masculino	rom|bo|[e]|dro
romboglosso	nome masculino	rom|bo|[glos]|so
romboidal	adjetivo	rom|boi|[dal]
romboidal	nome masculino	rom|boi|[dal]
romboide	adjetivo	rom|[boi]|de
romboide	nome masculino	rom|[boi]|de
rombopalpo	nome masculino	rom|bo|[pal]|po
rombospermo	adjetivo	rom|bos|[per]|mo
rombósporo	nome masculino	rom|[bós]|po|ro
rombudo	adjetivo	rom|[bu]|do
romeína	nome feminino	ro|me|[í]|na
romeira	nome feminino	ro|[mei]|ra
romeiral	nome masculino	ro|mei|[ral]
romeirinho	nome masculino	ro|mei|[ri]|nho
