romeiro	nome masculino	ro|[mei]|ro
romeíte	nome feminino	ro|me|[í]|te
romeliota	adjetivo	ro|me|li|[o]|ta
romeliota	nome masculino	ro|me|li|[o]|ta
romeliota	nome feminino	ro|me|li|[o]|ta
romena	nome feminino	ro|[me]|na
romeno	adjetivo	ro|[me]|no
romeno	nome masculino	ro|[me]|no
romeno-búlgaro	adjetivo	ro|me|no-búl|ga|ro
romeno-turco	adjetivo	ro|me|no-tur|co
romeu	nome masculino	ro|[meu]
rompante	nome masculino	rom|[pan]|te
rompante	adjetivo	rom|[pan]|te
rompão	nome masculino	rom|[pão]
rompe-cilhas	nome masculino	rom|pe-ci|lhas
rompe-saias	nome feminino	rom|pe-sai|as
rompedeira	nome feminino	rom|pe|[dei]|ra
rompedor	adjetivo	rom|pe|[dor]
rompedor	nome masculino	rom|pe|[dor]
rompedura	nome feminino	rom|pe|[du]|ra
rompente	adjetivo	rom|[pen]|te
romper	verbo	rom|[per]
romper	nome masculino	rom|[per]
rompida	nome feminino	rom|[pi]|da
rompimento	nome masculino	rom|pi|[men]|to
rompível	adjetivo	rom|[pí]|vel
romúlida	adjetivo	ro|[mú]|li|da
romúlida	nome masculino	ro|[mú]|li|da
romúlida	nome feminino	ro|[mú]|li|da
ronca	nome feminino	[ron]|ca
roncada	nome feminino	ron|[ca]|da
roncadeira	nome feminino	ron|ca|[dei]|ra
roncador	nome masculino	ron|ca|[dor]
roncador	adjetivo	ron|ca|[dor]
roncadora	nome feminino	ron|ca|[do]|ra
roncadouro	nome masculino	ron|ca|[dou]|ro
roncadura	nome feminino	ron|ca|[du]|ra
roncal	nome masculino	ron|[cal]
roncante	adjetivo	ron|[can]|te
roncão	adjetivo	ron|[cão]
roncar	verbo	ron|[car]
roncaria	nome feminino	ron|ca|[ri]|a
ronçaria	nome feminino	ron|ça|[ri]|a
roncaz	nome masculino	ron|[caz]
roncear	verbo	ron|ce|[ar]
ronceiramente	advérbio	ron|cei|ra|[men]|te
ronceirice	nome feminino	ron|cei|[ri]|ce
ronceirismo	nome masculino	ron|cei|[ris]|mo
ronceiro	adjetivo	ron|[cei]|ro
roncha	nome feminino	[ron]|cha
ronchar	verbo	ron|[char]
roncice	nome feminino	ron|[ci]|ce
roncinado	adjetivo	ron|ci|[na]|do
roncinela	nome feminino	ron|ci|[ne]|la
ronco	nome masculino	[ron]|co
roncolho	adjetivo	ron|[co]|lho
roncolho	nome masculino	ron|[co]|lho
ronda	nome feminino	[ron]|da
rondador	adjetivo	ron|da|[dor]
rondador	nome masculino	ron|da|[dor]
rondadora	nome feminino	ron|da|[do]|ra
rondante	adjetivo	ron|[dan]|te
rondante	nome masculino	ron|[dan]|te
rondante	nome feminino	ron|[dan]|te
rondão	nome masculino	ron|[dão]
rondar	verbo	ron|[dar]
rondear	verbo	ron|de|[ar]
rondista	nome masculino	ron|[dis]|ta
rondista	nome feminino	ron|[dis]|ta
rondó	nome masculino	ron|[dó]
rondoniana	nome feminino	ron|do|ni|[a]|na
rondoniano	adjetivo	ron|do|ni|[a]|no
rondoniano	nome masculino	ron|do|ni|[a]|no
rondoniense	adjetivo	ron|do|ni|[en]|se
rondoniense	nome masculino	ron|do|ni|[en]|se
rondoniense	nome feminino	ron|do|ni|[en]|se
ronga	nome masculino	[ron]|ga
ronga	nome feminino	[ron]|ga
ronha	nome feminino	[ro]|nha
ronha	nome masculino	[ro]|nha
ronhento	adjetivo	ro|[nhen]|to
ronhoso	adjetivo	ro|[nho]|so
ronquear	verbo	ron|que|[ar]
ronqueira	nome feminino	ron|[quei]|ra
ronquejador	adjetivo	ron|que|ja|[dor]
ronquejador	nome masculino	ron|que|ja|[dor]
ronquejante	adjetivo	ron|que|[jan]|te
ronquejar	verbo	ron|que|[jar]
ronquenho	adjetivo	ron|[que]|nho
ronquidão	nome feminino	ron|qui|[dão]
ronquido	nome masculino	ron|[qui]|do
ronrom	nome masculino	[ron]|rom
ronronante	adjetivo	ron|ro|[nan]|te
ronronar	verbo	ron|ro|[nar]
röntgen	nome masculino	[rönt]|gen
röntgenterapia	nome feminino	röntgen|te|ra|[pi]|a
rontó	nome masculino	ron|[tó]
rookie	nome feminino	roo|kie
ropálico	adjetivo	ro|[pá]|li|co
ropálico	nome masculino	ro|[pá]|li|co
