roseiro	adjetivo	ro|[sei]|ro
rosela	nome feminino	ro|[se]|la
roselha	nome feminino	ro|[se]|lha
roselha-grande	nome feminino	ro|se|lha-gran|de
roselha-maior	nome feminino	ro|se|lha-mai|[or]
roselite	nome feminino	ro|se|[li]|te
rosénia	nome feminino	ro|[sé]|ni|a
rosênia	nome feminino	ro|[sê]|ni|a
róseo	adjetivo	[ró]|se|o
róseo-purpúreo	nome masculino	ró|se|o-pur|pú|re|o
róseo-purpúreo	adjetivo	ró|se|o-pur|pú|re|o
roséola	nome feminino	ro|[sé]|o|la
roseta	nome feminino	ro|[se]|ta
rosetão	nome masculino	ro|se|[tão]
rosete	adjetivo	ro|[se]|te
rosetear	verbo	ro|se|te|[ar]
roseteiro	nome masculino	ro|se|[tei]|ro
rosicler	nome masculino	ro|si|[cler]
rosicler	adjetivo	ro|si|[cler]
rosicré	nome masculino	ro|si|[cré]
rosiflor	adjetivo	ro|si|[flor]
rosiflora	nome feminino	ro|si|[flo]|ra
rosigastro	adjetivo	ro|si|[gas]|tro
rosilha	nome feminino	ro|[si]|lha
rosilho	adjetivo	ro|[si]|lho
rosiluminoso	adjetivo	ro|si|lu|mi|[no]|so
rosinha	nome feminino	ro|[si]|nha
rósio	nome masculino	[ró]|si|o
rósio	adjetivo	[ró]|si|o
rosite	nome feminino	ro|[si]|te
rosmaninhal	nome masculino	ros|ma|ni|[nhal]
rosmaninho	nome masculino	ros|ma|[ni]|nho
rosmanino	nome masculino	ros|ma|[ni]|no
rosmano	nome masculino	ros|[ma]|no
rosmarinho	nome masculino	ros|ma|[ri]|nho
rosmear	verbo	ros|me|[ar]
rosnadela	nome feminino	ros|na|[de]|la
rosnado	nome masculino	ros|[na]|do
rosnador	adjetivo	ros|na|[dor]
rosnador	nome masculino	ros|na|[dor]
rosnadora	nome feminino	ros|na|[do]|ra
rosnadura	nome feminino	ros|na|[du]|ra
rosnar	verbo	ros|[nar]
rosnatório	nome masculino	ros|na|[tó]|ri|o
rosnento	adjetivo	ros|[nen]|to
rosnido	nome masculino	ros|[ni]|do
rosolato	nome masculino	ro|so|[la]|to
rosólico	adjetivo	ro|[só]|li|co
rosólio	nome masculino	ro|[só]|li|o
rosquear	verbo	ros|que|[ar]
rosquilha	nome feminino	ros|[qui]|lha
rosquilho	nome masculino	ros|[qui]|lho
rosquinha	nome feminino	ros|[qui]|nha
róssia	nome feminino	[rós]|si|a
rossiniano	adjetivo	ros|si|ni|[a]|no
rossio	nome masculino	ros|[si]|o
rostão	nome masculino	ros|[tão]
rostelária	nome feminino	ros|te|[lá]|ri|a
rostelo	nome masculino	ros|[te]|lo
rostideira	nome feminino	ros|ti|[dei]|ra
rostilhada	nome feminino	ros|ti|[lha]|da
rostilhante	adjetivo	ros|ti|[lhan]|te
rostilhão	nome masculino	ros|ti|[lhão]
rostilhar	verbo	ros|ti|[lhar]
rostir	verbo	ros|[tir]
rosto	nome masculino	[ros]|to
rostolho	nome masculino	ros|[to]|lho
rostrado	adjetivo	ros|[tra]|do
rostral	adjetivo	ros|[tral]
rostral	nome masculino	ros|[tral]
rostrato	adjetivo	ros|[tra]|to
róstrico	adjetivo	[rós]|tri|co
rostricórneo	adjetivo	ros|tri|[cór]|ne|o
rostrífero	adjetivo	ros|[trí]|fe|ro
rostriforme	adjetivo	ros|tri|[for]|me
rostrilho	nome masculino	ros|[tri]|lho
rostro	nome masculino	[ros]|tro
rota	nome feminino	[ro]|ta
rotação	nome feminino	ro|ta|[ção]
rotáceo	adjetivo	ro|[tá]|ce|o
rotacional	nome feminino	ro|ta|ci|o|[nal]
rotacional	adjetivo	ro|ta|ci|o|[nal]
rotacional	nome masculino	ro|ta|ci|o|[nal]
rotacismo	nome masculino	ro|ta|[cis]|mo
rotador	adjetivo	ro|ta|[dor]
rotador	nome masculino	ro|ta|[dor]
rotália	nome feminino	ro|[tá]|li|a
rotamente	advérbio	ro|ta|[men]|te
rotante	adjetivo	ro|[tan]|te
rotar	verbo	ro|[tar]
rotária	nome feminino	ro|[tá]|ri|a
rotariano	adjetivo	ro|ta|ri|[a]|no
rotariano	nome masculino	ro|ta|ri|[a]|no
rotário	nome masculino	ro|[tá]|ri|o
rotário	adjetivo	ro|[tá]|ri|o
rotarismo	nome masculino	ro|ta|[ris]|mo
rotativa	nome feminino	ro|ta|[ti]|va
rotativamente	advérbio	ro|ta|ti|va|[men]|te
rotativar	verbo	ro|ta|ti|[var]
rotatividade	nome feminino	ro|ta|ti|vi|[da]|de
