ramaria	nome feminino	ra|ma|[ri]|a
rambla	nome feminino	[ram]|bla
ramboia	nome feminino	ram|[boi]|a
ramboia	nome masculino	ram|[boi]|a
ramboiada	nome feminino	ram|boi|[a]|da
râmbola	nome feminino	[râm]|bo|la
rambotim	nome masculino	ram|bo|[tim]
rambutã	nome masculino	ram|bu|[tã]
rambutan	nome masculino	ram|bu|[tan]
rambutão	nome masculino	ram|bu|[tão]
rambuteira	nome feminino	ram|bu|[tei]|ra
rame	nome masculino	[ra]|me
rameal	adjetivo	ra|me|[al]
ramear	verbo	ra|me|[ar]
rameário	adjetivo	ra|me|[á]|ri|o
rameira	nome feminino	ra|[mei]|ra
rameiro	nome masculino	ra|[mei]|ro
rameiro	adjetivo	ra|[mei]|ro
ramela	nome feminino	ra|[me]|la
ramelada	nome feminino	ra|me|[la]|da
ramelado	adjetivo	ra|me|[la]|do
ramelado	nome masculino	ra|me|[la]|do
ramelar	verbo	ra|me|[lar]
ramelenta	nome feminino	ra|me|[len]|ta
ramelento	nome masculino	ra|me|[len]|to
ramelento	adjetivo	ra|me|[len]|to
ramelosa	nome feminino	ra|me|[lo]|sa
rameloso	adjetivo	ra|me|[lo]|so
rameloso	nome masculino	ra|me|[lo]|so
ramento	nome masculino	ra|[men]|to
râmeo	adjetivo	[râ]|me|o
ramerraneiro	adjetivo	ra|mer|ra|[nei]|ro
ramerranesco	adjetivo	ra|mer|ra|[nes]|co
ramerrão	nome masculino	ra|mer|[rão]
rami	nome masculino	ra|[mi]
ramicórneo	adjetivo	ra|mi|[cór]|ne|o
ramífero	adjetivo	ra|[mí]|fe|ro
ramificação	nome feminino	ra|mi|fi|ca|[ção]
ramificado	adjetivo	ra|mi|fi|[ca]|do
ramificar	verbo	ra|mi|fi|[car]
ramifloro	adjetivo	ra|mi|[flo]|ro
ramiforme	adjetivo	ra|mi|[for]|me
ramilhete	nome masculino	ra|mi|[lhe]|te
ramilho	nome masculino	ra|[mi]|lho
raminho	nome masculino	ra|[mi]|nho
ramíparo	adjetivo	ra|[mí]|pa|ro
ramisco	nome masculino	ra|[mis]|co
ramista	adjetivo	ra|[mis]|ta
ramnácea	nome feminino	ram|[ná]|ce|a
ramnáceo	adjetivo	ram|[ná]|ce|o
ramne	adjetivo	[ram]|ne
ramne	nome masculino	[ram]|ne
ramne	nome feminino	[ram]|ne
ramnense	adjetivo	ram|[nen]|se
ramnense	nome masculino	ram|[nen]|se
ramnense	nome feminino	ram|[nen]|se
ramnina	nome feminino	ram|[ni]|na
ramno	nome masculino	[ram]|no
ramnoxantina	nome feminino	ram|no|xan|[ti]|na
ramnúsio	adjetivo	ram|[nú]|si|o
ramnúsio	nome masculino	ram|[nú]|si|o
ramo	nome masculino	[ra]|mo
râmola	nome feminino	[râ]|mo|la
ramonadeira	nome feminino	ra|mo|na|[dei]|ra
ramónia	nome feminino	ra|[mó]|ni|a
ramônia	nome feminino	ra|[mô]|ni|a
ramosidade	nome feminino	ra|mo|si|[da]|de
ramoso	adjetivo	ra|[mo]|so
rampa	nome feminino	[ram]|pa
rampado	nome masculino	ram|[pa]|do
rampadouro	nome masculino	ram|pa|[dou]|ro
rampanar	verbo	ram|pa|[nar]
rampante	adjetivo	ram|[pan]|te
rampear	verbo	ram|pe|[ar]
ramudo	adjetivo	ra|[mu]|do
ramúsculo	nome masculino	ra|[mús]|cu|lo
ramusculoso	adjetivo	ra|mus|cu|[lo]|so
rana	nome masculino	[ra]|na
ranal	nome feminino	ra|[nal]
ranal	adjetivo	ra|[nal]
ranário	nome masculino	ra|[ná]|ri|o
ranatra	nome feminino	ra|[na]|tra
ranca	nome feminino	[ran]|ca
rançado	adjetivo	ran|[ça]|do
rancalho	nome masculino	ran|[ca]|lho
rancanca	nome feminino	ran|[can]|ca
rancanho	nome masculino	ran|[ca]|nho
rançar	verbo	ran|[çar]
rancatrilha	nome masculino	ran|ca|[tri]|lha
rancescer	verbo	ran|ces|[cer]
ranchada	nome feminino	ran|[cha]|da
rancharia	nome feminino	ran|cha|[ri]|a
rancheira	nome feminino	ran|[chei]|ra
rancheiro	nome masculino	ran|[chei]|ro
rancheiro	adjetivo	ran|[chei]|ro
ranchel	nome masculino	ran|[chel]
rancho	nome masculino	[ran]|cho
rancidez	nome feminino	ran|ci|[dez]
râncido	adjetivo	[rân]|ci|do
rancificação	nome feminino	ran|ci|fi|ca|[ção]
