rupia	nome feminino	ru|[pi]|a
rúpia	nome feminino	[rú]|pi|a
rupícola	adjetivo	ru|[pí]|co|la
rúppia	nome feminino	[rúp]|pi|a
rúptil	adjetivo	[rúp]|til
ruptilidade	nome feminino	rup|ti|li|[da]|de
ruptório	nome masculino	rup|[tó]|ri|o
ruptura	nome feminino	rup|[tu]|ra
ruquibo	nome masculino	ru|[qui]|bo
rural	adjetivo	ru|[ral]
rural	nome masculino	ru|[ral]
rural	nome feminino	ru|[ral]
ruralidade	nome feminino	ru|ra|li|[da]|de
ruralismo	nome masculino	ru|ra|[lis]|mo
ruralista	adjetivo	ru|ra|[lis]|ta
ruralista	nome masculino	ru|ra|[lis]|ta
ruralista	nome feminino	ru|ra|[lis]|ta
ruralização	nome feminino	ru|ra|li|za|[ção]
ruralizar	verbo	ru|ra|li|[zar]
ruralmente	advérbio	ru|ral|[men]|te
rurícola	adjetivo	ru|[rí]|co|la
rurígena	nome masculino	ru|[rí]|ge|na
rurígena	nome feminino	ru|[rí]|ge|na
rurografia	nome feminino	ru|ro|gra|[fi]|a
rurográfico	adjetivo	ru|ro|[grá]|fi|co
rurógrafo	nome masculino	ru|[ró]|gra|fo
ruselano	adjetivo	ru|se|[la]|no
ruselano	nome masculino	ru|se|[la]|no
rusélia	nome feminino	ru|[sé]|li|a
rusga	nome feminino	[rus]|ga
rusgar	verbo	rus|[gar]
rusguento	adjetivo	rus|[guen]|to
rusma	nome feminino	[rus]|ma
rusníaco	nome masculino	rus|[ní]|a|co
russa	nome feminino	[rus]|sa
russiana	nome feminino	rus|si|[a]|na
russiano	adjetivo	rus|si|[a]|no
russiano	nome masculino	rus|si|[a]|no
russificação	nome feminino	rus|si|fi|ca|[ção]
russificar	verbo	rus|si|fi|[car]
russínio	nome masculino	rus|[sí]|ni|o
russo	adjetivo	[rus]|so
russo	nome masculino	[rus]|so
russo-americano	adjetivo	rus|so-a|me|ri|[ca]|no
russo-branco	adjetivo	rus|so-bran|co
russo-chinês	adjetivo	rus|so-chi|[nês]
russo-finlandês	adjetivo	rus|so-fin|lan|[dês]
russo-japonês	adjetivo	rus|so-ja|po|[nês]
russo-polaco	adjetivo	rus|so-po|[la]|co
russófila	nome feminino	rus|[só]|fi|la
russofilia	nome feminino	rus|so|fi|[li]|a
russófilo	adjetivo	rus|[só]|fi|lo
russófilo	nome masculino	rus|[só]|fi|lo
russofobia	nome feminino	rus|so|fo|[bi]|a
russófobo	adjetivo	rus|[só]|fo|bo
russófobo	nome masculino	rus|[só]|fo|bo
rústica	nome feminino	[rús]|ti|ca
rusticação	nome feminino	rus|ti|ca|[ção]
rusticamente	advérbio	rus|ti|ca|[men]|te
rusticano	adjetivo	rus|ti|[ca]|no
rusticano	nome masculino	rus|ti|[ca]|no
rusticar	verbo	rus|ti|[car]
rusticaria	nome feminino	rus|ti|ca|[ri]|a
rusticidade	nome feminino	rus|ti|ci|[da]|de
rústico	adjetivo	[rús]|ti|co
rústico	nome masculino	[rús]|ti|co
rustificação	nome feminino	rus|ti|fi|ca|[ção]
rustificar	verbo	rus|ti|fi|[car]
rustiquez	nome feminino	rus|ti|[quez]
rustiqueza	nome feminino	rus|ti|[que]|za
rustir	verbo	rus|[tir]
rusucuritano	adjetivo	ru|su|cu|ri|[ta]|no
rusucuritano	nome masculino	ru|su|cu|ri|[ta]|no
rutabaga	nome feminino	ru|ta|[ba]|ga
rutácea	nome feminino	ru|[tá]|ce|a
rutáceo	adjetivo	ru|[tá]|ce|o
rutamurária	nome feminino	ru|ta|mu|[rá]|ri|a
rutela	nome feminino	ru|[te]|la
ruténico	adjetivo	ru|[té]|ni|co
ruténico	nome masculino	ru|[té]|ni|co
rutênico	adjetivo	ru|[tê]|ni|co
rutênico	nome masculino	ru|[tê]|ni|co
ruténio	nome masculino	ru|[té]|ni|o
rutênio	nome masculino	ru|[tê]|ni|o
ruteno	adjetivo	ru|[te]|no
ruteno	nome masculino	ru|[te]|no
rutherfórdio	nome masculino	ru|ther|fór|di|o
rútico	adjetivo	[rú]|ti|co
rútila	nome feminino	[rú]|ti|la
rutilação	nome feminino	ru|ti|la|[ção]
rutilância	nome feminino	ru|ti|[lân]|ci|a
rutilante	adjetivo	ru|ti|[lan]|te
rutilantemente	advérbio	ru|ti|lan|te|[men]|te
rutilar	verbo	ru|ti|[lar]
rutília	nome feminino	ru|[tí]|li|a
rutilina	nome feminino	ru|ti|[li]|na
rutilite	nome feminino	ru|ti|[li]|te
rútilo	nome masculino	[rú]|ti|lo
rútilo	adjetivo	[rú]|ti|lo
rutilo	nome masculino	ru|[ti]|lo
