nictaginácea	nome feminino	nic|ta|gi|[ná]|ce|a
nictagíneo	adjetivo	nic|ta|[gí]|ne|o
nictago	nome masculino	nic|[ta]|go
níctalo	nome masculino	[níc]|ta|lo
nictalope	nome masculino	nic|ta|[lo]|pe
nictalope	nome feminino	nic|ta|[lo]|pe
nictalopia	nome feminino	nic|ta|lo|[pi]|a
nictalópico	adjetivo	nic|ta|[ló]|pi|co
nictanopia	nome feminino	nic|ta|no|[pi]|a
nictante	adjetivo	nic|[tan]|te
nictanto	nome masculino	nic|[tan]|to
nictélia	nome feminino	nic|[té]|li|a
nictemeral	adjetivo	nic|te|me|[ral]
nictémero	nome masculino	nic|[té]|me|ro
nictêmero	nome masculino	nic|[tê]|me|ro
nicterino	adjetivo	nic|te|[ri]|no
nicterino	nome masculino	nic|te|[ri]|no
nicterobia	nome feminino	nic|te|ro|[bi]|a
nicteróbio	adjetivo	nic|te|[ró]|bi|o
nicticórace	nome masculino	nic|ti|[có]|ra|ce
nictitante	adjetivo	nic|ti|[tan]|te
nictitrópico	adjetivo	nic|ti|[tró]|pi|co
nicto	nome masculino	[nic]|to
nictóbata	nome masculino	nic|[tó]|ba|ta
nictóbata	nome feminino	nic|[tó]|ba|ta
nictobatismo	nome masculino	nic|to|ba|[tis]|mo
nictoclepto	nome masculino	nic|to|[clep]|to
nictofilia	nome feminino	nic|to|fi|[li]|a
nictófilo	adjetivo	nic|[tó]|fi|lo
nictófilo	nome masculino	nic|[tó]|fi|lo
nictofobia	nome feminino	nic|to|fo|[bi]|a
nictófobo	adjetivo	nic|[tó]|fo|bo
nictófobo	nome masculino	nic|[tó]|fo|bo
nictografia	nome feminino	nic|to|gra|[fi]|a
nictográfico	adjetivo	nic|to|[grá]|fi|co
nictógrafo	nome masculino	nic|[tó]|gra|fo
nictómetro	nome masculino	nic|[tó]|me|tro
nictoscópio	nome masculino	nic|tos|[có]|pi|o
nictotiflose	nome feminino	nic|to|ti|[flo]|se
nictúria	nome feminino	nic|[tú]|ri|a
nictúrico	adjetivo	nic|[tú]|ri|co
nidação	nome feminino	ni|da|[ção]
nidícola	adjetivo	ni|[dí]|co|la
nidificação	nome feminino	ni|di|fi|ca|[ção]
nidificar	verbo	ni|di|fi|[car]
nidiforme	adjetivo	ni|di|[for]|me
nidífugo	adjetivo	ni|[dí]|fu|go
nidor	nome masculino	ni|[dor]
nidorela	nome feminino	ni|do|[re]|la
nidoroso	adjetivo	ni|do|[ro]|so
nidulária	nome feminino	ni|du|[lá]|ri|a
niebúhria	nome feminino	ni|e|[búh]|ri|a
nieiro	nome masculino	ni|[ei]|ro
nielo	nome masculino	ni|[e]|lo
nietzschiano	adjetivo	ni|etzs|chi|[a]|no
nietzschiano	nome masculino	ni|etzs|chi|[a]|no
nifão	nome masculino	ni|[fão]
nife	nome masculino	[ni]|fe
nifólito	nome masculino	ni|[fó]|li|to
nigela	nome feminino	ni|[ge]|la
nigelador	adjetivo	ni|ge|la|[dor]
nigelador	nome masculino	ni|ge|la|[dor]
nigelagem	nome feminino	ni|ge|[la]|gem
nigelar	verbo	ni|ge|[lar]
nigelina	nome feminino	ni|ge|[li]|na
nigelo	nome masculino	ni|[ge]|lo
nigerense	adjetivo	ni|ge|[ren]|se
nigerense	nome masculino	ni|ge|[ren]|se
nigerense	nome feminino	ni|ge|[ren]|se
nigeriana	nome feminino	ni|ge|ri|[a]|na
nigeriano	nome masculino	ni|ge|ri|[a]|no
nigeriano	adjetivo	ni|ge|ri|[a]|no
nigerina	nome feminino	ni|ge|[ri]|na
nigerino	nome masculino	ni|ge|[ri]|no
nigerino	adjetivo	ni|ge|[ri]|no
nigérrimo	adjetivo	ni|[gér]|ri|mo
nigrícia	nome feminino	ni|[grí]|ci|a
nigricórneo	adjetivo	ni|gri|[cór]|ne|o
nigrina	nome feminino	ni|[gri]|na
nigrípede	adjetivo	ni|[grí]|pe|de
nigrípede	nome masculino	ni|[grí]|pe|de
nigripene	adjetivo	ni|gri|[pe]|ne
nigrirrostro	adjetivo	ni|grir|[ros]|tro
nigrita	adjetivo	ni|[gri]|ta
nigrita	nome masculino	ni|[gri]|ta
nigrita	nome feminino	ni|[gri]|ta
nigritela	nome feminino	ni|gri|[te]|la
nigromancia	nome feminino	ni|gro|man|[ci]|a
nigromante	nome masculino	ni|gro|[man]|te
nigromante	nome feminino	ni|gro|[man]|te
nigromântico	adjetivo	ni|gro|[mân]|ti|co
nígua	nome feminino	[ní]|gua
niilidade	nome feminino	ni|i|li|[da]|de
niilificação	nome feminino	ni|i|li|fi|ca|[ção]
niilismo	nome masculino	ni|i|[lis]|mo
niilista	nome masculino	ni|i|[lis]|ta
niilista	adjetivo	ni|i|[lis]|ta
niilista	nome feminino	ni|i|[lis]|ta
niilístico	adjetivo	ni|i|[lís]|ti|co
nil	nome masculino	[nil]
