niponizável	adjetivo	ni|po|ni|[zá]|vel
niqueiro	adjetivo	ni|[quei]|ro
níquel	nome masculino	[ní]|quel
niquelação	nome feminino	ni|que|la|[ção]
niquelado	nome masculino	ni|que|[la]|do
niquelado	adjetivo	ni|que|[la]|do
niquelagem	nome feminino	ni|que|[la]|gem
niquelar	verbo	ni|que|[lar]
niquelífero	adjetivo	ni|que|[lí]|fe|ro
niquelina	nome feminino	ni|que|[li]|na
niquelite	nome feminino	ni|que|[li]|te
niquelização	nome feminino	ni|que|li|za|[ção]
niquelizar	verbo	ni|que|li|[zar]
niquenta	nome feminino	ni|[quen]|ta
niquento	adjetivo	ni|[quen]|to
niquento	nome masculino	ni|[quen]|to
niquice	nome feminino	ni|[qui]|ce
niquilidade	nome feminino	ni|qui|li|[da]|de
niquim	nome masculino	ni|[quim]
nirvana	nome masculino	nir|[va]|na
nirvânico	adjetivo	nir|[vâ]|ni|co
nirvanina	nome feminino	nir|va|[ni]|na
nirvanismo	nome masculino	nir|va|[nis]|mo
nirvanista	adjetivo	nir|va|[nis]|ta
nirvanista	nome masculino	nir|va|[nis]|ta
nirvanista	nome feminino	nir|va|[nis]|ta
níscaro	nome masculino	[nís]|ca|ro
niscato	nome masculino	nis|[ca]|to
nisense	nome masculino	ni|[sen]|se
nisense	adjetivo	ni|[sen]|se
nisense	nome feminino	ni|[sen]|se
niseu	adjetivo	ni|[seu]
niseu	nome masculino	ni|[seu]
nisírio	adjetivo	ni|[sí]|ri|o
nisírio	nome masculino	ni|[sí]|ri|o
nisorra	nome feminino	ni|[sor]|ra
nisorro	adjetivo	ni|[sor]|ro
nisorro	nome masculino	ni|[sor]|ro
níspero	nome masculino	[nís]|pe|ro
nisquinho	nome masculino	nis|[qui]|nho
nisquito	nome masculino	nis|[qui]|to
nissa	nome feminino	[nis]|sa
nissácea	nome feminino	nis|[sá]|ce|a
nissense	adjetivo	nis|[sen]|se
nissense	nome masculino	nis|[sen]|se
nissense	nome feminino	nis|[sen]|se
nisso	contração	[nis]|so
nistágmico	adjetivo	nis|[tág]|mi|co
nistagmo	nome masculino	nis|[tag]|mo
nisto	advérbio	[nis]|to
nisto	contração	[nis]|to
nitela	nome feminino	ni|[te]|la
nitente	adjetivo	ni|[ten]|te
niteroiense	adjetivo	ni|te|roi|[en]|se
niteroiense	nome masculino	ni|te|roi|[en]|se
niteroiense	nome feminino	ni|te|roi|[en]|se
nitescência	nome feminino	ni|tes|[cên]|ci|a
nitescente	adjetivo	ni|tes|[cen]|te
nitidamente	advérbio	ni|ti|da|[men]|te
nitidez	nome feminino	ni|ti|[dez]
nitidifloro	adjetivo	ni|ti|di|[flo]|ro
nítido	adjetivo	[ní]|ti|do
nitídula	nome feminino	ni|[tí]|du|la
nitidular	adjetivo	ni|ti|du|[lar]
nitidulídeo	nome masculino	ni|ti|du|[lí]|de|o
nitração	nome feminino	ni|tra|[ção]
nitrado	adjetivo	ni|[tra]|do
nitragina	nome feminino	ni|tra|[gi]|na
nitral	nome masculino	ni|[tral]
nitramido	nome masculino	ni|tra|[mi]|do
nitranilato	nome masculino	ni|tra|ni|[la]|to
nitranílico	adjetivo	ni|tra|[ní]|li|co
nitrar	verbo	ni|[trar]
nitrária	nome feminino	ni|[trá]|ri|a
nitrariácea	nome feminino	ni|tra|ri|[á]|ce|a
nitratação	nome feminino	ni|tra|ta|[ção]
nitratado	adjetivo	ni|tra|[ta]|do
nitratar	verbo	ni|tra|[tar]
nitratina	nome feminino	ni|tra|[ti]|na
nitratite	nome feminino	ni|tra|[ti]|te
nitrato	nome masculino	ni|[tra]|to
nitreira	nome feminino	ni|[trei]|ra
nitrento	adjetivo	ni|[tren]|to
nitreto	nome masculino	ni|[tre]|to
nítrico	adjetivo	[ní]|tri|co
nitrido	nome masculino	ni|[tri]|do
nitridor	adjetivo	ni|tri|[dor]
nitridor	nome masculino	ni|tri|[dor]
nitrificação	nome feminino	ni|tri|fi|ca|[ção]
nitrificado	adjetivo	ni|tri|fi|[ca]|do
nitrificador	adjetivo	ni|tri|fi|ca|[dor]
nitrificador	nome masculino	ni|tri|fi|ca|[dor]
nitrificante	adjetivo	ni|tri|fi|[can]|te
nitrificar	verbo	ni|tri|fi|[car]
nitrilo	nome masculino	ni|[tri]|lo
nitrínico	adjetivo	ni|[trí]|ni|co
nitriota	adjetivo	ni|tri|[o]|ta
nitriota	nome masculino	ni|tri|[o]|ta
nitriota	nome feminino	ni|tri|[o]|ta
nitrir	verbo	ni|[trir]
