norueguense	adjetivo	no|ru|e|[guen]|se
norueguense	nome masculino	no|ru|e|[guen]|se
norueguense	nome feminino	no|ru|e|[guen]|se
norueguês	adjetivo	no|ru|e|[guês]
norueguês	nome masculino	no|ru|e|[guês]
norueguesa	nome feminino	no|ru|e|[gue]|sa
nós	pronome pessoal	[nós]
nos	pronome pessoal	nos
nosaria	nome feminino	no|sa|[ri]|a
noseana	nome feminino	no|se|[a]|na
nosencéfalo	adjetivo	no|sen|[cé]|fa|lo
nosencéfalo	nome masculino	no|sen|[cé]|fa|lo
nosocomial	adjetivo	no|so|co|mi|[al]
nosocômico	adjetivo	no|so|[cô]|mi|co
nosocómico	adjetivo	no|so|[có]|mi|co
nosocómio	nome masculino	no|so|[có]|mi|o
nosocômio	nome masculino	no|so|[cô]|mi|o
nosocrático	adjetivo	no|so|[crá]|ti|co
nosofobia	nome feminino	no|so|fo|[bi]|a
nosófobo	adjetivo	no|[só]|fo|bo
nosófobo	nome masculino	no|[só]|fo|bo
nosóforo	nome masculino	no|[só]|fo|ro
nosogenia	nome feminino	no|so|ge|[ni]|a
nosogênico	adjetivo	no|so|[gê]|ni|co
nosogénico	adjetivo	no|so|[gé]|ni|co
nosografia	nome feminino	no|so|gra|[fi]|a
nosográfico	adjetivo	no|so|[grá]|fi|co
nosógrafo	nome masculino	no|[só]|gra|fo
nosologia	nome feminino	no|so|lo|[gi]|a
nosológico	adjetivo	no|so|[ló]|gi|co
nosologista	nome masculino	no|so|lo|[gis]|ta
nosologista	nome feminino	no|so|lo|[gis]|ta
nosólogo	nome masculino	no|[só]|lo|go
nosomancia	nome feminino	no|so|man|[ci]|a
nosomania	nome feminino	no|so|ma|[ni]|a
nosomaníaco	adjetivo	no|so|ma|[ní]|a|co
nosomaníaco	nome masculino	no|so|ma|[ní]|a|co
nosómano	nome masculino	no|[só]|ma|no
nosômano	nome masculino	no|[sô]|ma|no
nosomante	nome masculino	no|so|[man]|te
nosomante	nome feminino	no|so|[man]|te
nosomântica	nome feminino	no|so|[mân]|ti|ca
nosomântico	adjetivo	no|so|[mân]|ti|co
nosoterapia	nome feminino	no|so|te|ra|[pi]|a
nosoterápico	adjetivo	no|so|te|[rá]|pi|co
nosso	artigo possessivo	[nos]|so
nosso	pronome possessivo	[nos]|so
nostalgia	nome feminino	nos|tal|[gi]|a
nostálgica	nome feminino	nos|[tál]|gi|ca
nostalgicamente	advérbio	nos|tal|gi|ca|[men]|te
nostálgico	adjetivo	nos|[tál]|gi|co
nostálgico	nome masculino	nos|[tál]|gi|co
nostofobia	nome feminino	nos|to|fo|[bi]|a
nostomania	nome feminino	nos|to|ma|[ni]|a
nostomaníaco	adjetivo	nos|to|ma|[ní]|a|co
nostomaníaco	nome masculino	nos|to|ma|[ní]|a|co
nostómano	nome masculino	nos|[tó]|ma|no
nostômano	nome masculino	nos|[tô]|ma|no
nota	nome feminino	[no]|ta
nota-bem	nome masculino	no|ta-bem
notabilidade	nome feminino	no|ta|bi|li|[da]|de
notabilíssimo	adjetivo	no|ta|bi|[lís]|si|mo
notabilização	nome feminino	no|ta|bi|li|za|[ção]
notabilizado	adjetivo	no|ta|bi|li|[za]|do
notabilizador	adjetivo	no|ta|bi|li|za|[dor]
notabilizador	nome masculino	no|ta|bi|li|za|[dor]
notabilizar	verbo	no|ta|bi|li|[zar]
notabilizável	adjetivo	no|ta|bi|li|[zá]|vel
notação	nome feminino	no|ta|[ção]
notadamente	advérbio	no|ta|da|[men]|te
notado	adjetivo	no|[ta]|do
notador	nome masculino	no|ta|[dor]
notador	adjetivo	no|ta|[dor]
notadora	nome feminino	no|ta|[do]|ra
notalgia	nome feminino	no|tal|[gi]|a
notálgico	adjetivo	no|[tál]|gi|co
notando	adjetivo	no|[tan]|do
notar	verbo	no|[tar]
notária	nome feminino	no|[tá]|ri|a
notariado	nome masculino	no|ta|ri|[a]|do
notarial	adjetivo	no|ta|ri|[al]
notarialmente	advérbio	no|ta|ri|al|[men]|te
notário	nome masculino	no|[tá]|ri|o
notável	nome masculino	no|[tá]|vel
notável	adjetivo	no|[tá]|vel
notável	nome feminino	no|[tá]|vel
notavelmente	advérbio	no|ta|vel|[men]|te
note-book	nome masculino	no|te-book
notencefalia	nome feminino	no|ten|ce|fa|[li]|a
notencefálico	adjetivo	no|ten|ce|[fá]|li|co
notencéfalo	nome masculino	no|ten|[cé]|fa|lo
noterófilo	adjetivo	no|te|[ró]|fi|lo
notícia	nome feminino	no|[tí]|ci|a
noticiador	adjetivo	no|ti|ci|a|[dor]
noticiador	nome masculino	no|ti|ci|a|[dor]
noticiar	verbo	no|ti|ci|[ar]
noticiário	nome masculino	no|ti|ci|[á]|ri|o
noticiarismo	nome masculino	no|ti|ci|a|[ris]|mo
noticiarista	nome masculino	no|ti|ci|a|[ris]|ta
noticiarista	nome feminino	no|ti|ci|a|[ris]|ta
