naturismo	nome masculino	na|tu|[ris]|mo
naturista	adjetivo	na|tu|[ris]|ta
naturista	nome masculino	na|tu|[ris]|ta
naturista	nome feminino	na|tu|[ris]|ta
naturologia	nome feminino	na|tu|ro|lo|[gi]|a
naturológico	adjetivo	na|tu|ro|[ló]|gi|co
naturopata	nome masculino	na|tu|ro|[pa]|ta
naturopata	nome feminino	na|tu|ro|[pa]|ta
naturopatia	nome feminino	na|tu|ro|pa|[ti]|a
naturopático	adjetivo	na|tu|ro|[pá]|ti|co
nau	nome feminino	[nau]
nauatle	nome masculino	nau|[a]|tle
nauatle	adjetivo	nau|[a]|tle
nauatle	nome feminino	nau|[a]|tle
náucore	nome feminino	[náu]|co|re
naucorídeo	adjetivo	nau|co|[rí]|de|o
naucorídeo	nome masculino	nau|co|[rí]|de|o
naucratita	adjetivo	nau|cra|[ti]|ta
naucratita	nome masculino	nau|cra|[ti]|ta
naucratita	nome feminino	nau|cra|[ti]|ta
náufraga	nome feminino	[náu]|fra|ga
naufragada	nome feminino	nau|fra|[ga]|da
naufragado	nome masculino	nau|fra|[ga]|do
naufragado	adjetivo	nau|fra|[ga]|do
naufragante	adjetivo	nau|fra|[gan]|te
naufragante	nome masculino	nau|fra|[gan]|te
naufragante	nome feminino	nau|fra|[gan]|te
naufragar	verbo	nau|fra|[gar]
naufragável	adjetivo	nau|fra|[gá]|vel
naufrágio	nome masculino	nau|[frá]|gi|o
náufrago	nome masculino	[náu]|fra|go
náufrago	adjetivo	[náu]|fra|go
naufragoso	adjetivo	nau|fra|[go]|so
náumaco	nome masculino	[náu]|ma|co
naumaqueu	adjetivo	nau|ma|[queu]
naumaqueu	nome masculino	nau|ma|[queu]
naumaquia	nome feminino	nau|ma|[qui]|a
naumaquiário	adjetivo	nau|ma|qui|[á]|ri|o
naumaquiário	nome masculino	nau|ma|qui|[á]|ri|o
naumáquico	adjetivo	nau|[má]|qui|co
naupacto	nome masculino	nau|[pac]|to
naupatia	nome feminino	nau|pa|[ti]|a
naupático	adjetivo	nau|[pá]|ti|co
náuplio	nome masculino	[náu]|pli|o
nauruana	nome feminino	nau|ru|[a]|na
nauruano	adjetivo	nau|ru|[a]|no
nauruano	nome masculino	nau|ru|[a]|no
nauruense	nome masculino	nau|ru|[en]|se
nauscopia	nome feminino	naus|co|[pi]|a
nauscópico	adjetivo	naus|[có]|pi|co
nauscópio	nome masculino	naus|[có]|pi|o
náusea	nome feminino	[náu]|se|a
nauseabundo	adjetivo	nau|se|a|[bun]|do
nauseado	adjetivo	nau|se|[a]|do
nauseado	nome masculino	nau|se|[a]|do
nauseante	adjetivo	nau|se|[an]|te
nausear	verbo	nau|se|[ar]
nauseativo	adjetivo	nau|se|a|[ti]|vo
nauseento	adjetivo	nau|se|[en]|to
nauseosamente	advérbio	nau|se|o|sa|[men]|te
nauseoso	adjetivo	nau|se|[o]|so
nauta	nome masculino	[nau]|ta
nauta	nome feminino	[nau]|ta
náutica	nome feminino	[náu]|ti|ca
náutico	adjetivo	[náu]|ti|co
náutico	nome masculino	[náu]|ti|co
nautílida	nome masculino	nau|[tí]|li|da
nautilídeo	nome masculino	nau|ti|[lí]|de|o
nautilídeo	adjetivo	nau|ti|[lí]|de|o
nautilino	nome masculino	nau|ti|[li]|no
nautilita	nome masculino	nau|ti|[li]|ta
náutilo	nome masculino	[náu]|ti|lo
nautiloide	adjetivo	nau|ti|[loi]|de
nautódica	nome masculino	nau|[tó]|di|ca
nautografia	nome feminino	nau|to|gra|[fi]|a
nautográfico	adjetivo	nau|to|[grá]|fi|co
nautógrafo	nome masculino	nau|[tó]|gra|fo
nava	nome feminino	[na]|va
naval	adjetivo	na|[val]
navalha	nome feminino	na|[va]|lha
navalha	nome masculino	na|[va]|lha
navalhada	nome feminino	na|va|[lha]|da
navalhão	nome masculino	na|va|[lhão]
navalhar	verbo	na|va|[lhar]
navalheira	nome feminino	na|va|[lhei]|ra
navalhinha	nome feminino	na|va|[lhi]|nha
navalhista	nome masculino	na|va|[lhis]|ta
navalhista	nome feminino	na|va|[lhis]|ta
navalmente	advérbio	na|val|[men]|te
navarco	nome masculino	na|[var]|co
navarquia	nome feminino	na|var|[qui]|a
navárquico	adjetivo	na|[vár]|qui|co
navarra	nome feminino	na|[var]|ra
navarrês	adjetivo	na|var|[rês]
navarrês	nome masculino	na|var|[rês]
navarrina	nome feminino	na|var|[ri]|na
navarrino	adjetivo	na|var|[ri]|no
navarrino	nome masculino	na|var|[ri]|no
navarro	nome masculino	na|[var]|ro
navarro	adjetivo	na|[var]|ro
