nebulização	nome feminino	ne|bu|li|za|[ção]
nebulizador	nome masculino	ne|bu|li|za|[dor]
nebulizar	verbo	ne|bu|li|[zar]
nebulosa	nome feminino	ne|bu|[lo]|sa
nebulosamente	advérbio	ne|bu|lo|sa|[men]|te
nebulosidade	nome feminino	ne|bu|lo|si|[da]|de
nebuloso	adjetivo	ne|bu|[lo]|so
neca	advérbio	[ne]|ca
nécara	nome feminino	[né]|ca|ra
necear	verbo	ne|ce|[ar]
necedade	nome feminino	ne|ce|[da]|de
necessaire	nome masculino	ne|ces|[sai]|re
necessária	nome feminino	ne|ces|[sá]|ri|a
necessariamente	advérbio	ne|ces|sa|ri|a|[men]|te
necessário	adjetivo	ne|ces|[sá]|ri|o
necessário	nome masculino	ne|ces|[sá]|ri|o
necessidade	nome feminino	ne|ces|si|[da]|de
necessitada	nome feminino	ne|ces|si|[ta]|da
necessitado	adjetivo	ne|ces|si|[ta]|do
necessitado	nome masculino	ne|ces|si|[ta]|do
necessitante	adjetivo	ne|ces|si|[tan]|te
necessitar	verbo	ne|ces|si|[tar]
necessitário	nome masculino	ne|ces|si|[tá]|ri|o
necessitoso	adjetivo	ne|ces|si|[to]|so
necidalídeo	adjetivo	ne|ci|da|[lí]|de|o
necidalídeo	nome masculino	ne|ci|da|[lí]|de|o
necídalo	nome masculino	ne|[cí]|da|lo
neciomancia	nome feminino	ne|ci|o|man|[ci]|a
neciomante	nome masculino	ne|ci|o|[man]|te
neciomante	nome feminino	ne|ci|o|[man]|te
neciomântico	adjetivo	ne|ci|o|[mân]|ti|co
necróbia	nome feminino	ne|[cró]|bi|a
necrobiose	nome feminino	ne|cro|bi|[o]|se
necrobiótico	adjetivo	ne|cro|bi|[ó]|ti|co
necrocômio	nome masculino	ne|cro|[cô]|mi|o
necrocómio	nome masculino	ne|cro|[có]|mi|o
necrodulia	nome feminino	ne|cro|du|[li]|a
necrófaga	nome feminino	ne|[cró]|fa|ga
necrofagia	nome feminino	ne|cro|fa|[gi]|a
necrófago	adjetivo	ne|[cró]|fa|go
necrófago	nome masculino	ne|[cró]|fa|go
necrofilia	nome feminino	ne|cro|fi|[li]|a
necrófilo	adjetivo	ne|[cró]|fi|lo
necrófilo	nome masculino	ne|[cró]|fi|lo
necrófoba	nome feminino	ne|[cró]|fo|ba
necrofobia	nome feminino	ne|cro|fo|[bi]|a
necrófobo	nome masculino	ne|[cró]|fo|bo
necrófobo	adjetivo	ne|[cró]|fo|bo
necróforo	nome masculino	ne|[cró]|fo|ro
necróforo	adjetivo	ne|[cró]|fo|ro
necrogêneo	adjetivo	ne|cro|[gê]|ne|o
necrogéneo	adjetivo	ne|cro|[gé]|ne|o
necrografia	nome feminino	ne|cro|gra|[fi]|a
necrográfico	adjetivo	ne|cro|[grá]|fi|co
necrografismo	nome masculino	ne|cro|gra|[fis]|mo
necrógrafo	nome masculino	ne|[cró]|gra|fo
necrólatra	adjetivo	ne|[cró]|la|tra
necrólatra	nome masculino	ne|[cró]|la|tra
necrólatra	nome feminino	ne|[cró]|la|tra
necrolatria	nome feminino	ne|cro|la|[tri]|a
necrolátrico	adjetivo	ne|cro|[lá]|tri|co
necrologia	nome feminino	ne|cro|lo|[gi]|a
necrológico	adjetivo	ne|cro|[ló]|gi|co
necrológio	nome masculino	ne|cro|[ló]|gi|o
necrologista	nome masculino	ne|cro|lo|[gis]|ta
necrologista	nome feminino	ne|cro|lo|[gis]|ta
necrólogo	nome masculino	ne|[cró]|lo|go
necromancia	nome feminino	ne|cro|man|[ci]|a
necromante	nome masculino	ne|cro|[man]|te
necromante	nome feminino	ne|cro|[man]|te
necromântico	adjetivo	ne|cro|[mân]|ti|co
necronite	nome feminino	ne|cro|[ni]|te
necropatia	nome feminino	ne|cro|pa|[ti]|a
necropático	adjetivo	ne|cro|[pá]|ti|co
necrópole	nome feminino	ne|[cró]|po|le
necropsia	nome feminino	ne|crop|[si]|a
necropsiar	verbo	ne|crop|si|[ar]
necrópsico	adjetivo	ne|[cróp]|si|co
necróptico	adjetivo	ne|[cróp]|ti|co
necrosado	adjetivo	ne|cro|[sa]|do
necrosar	verbo	ne|cro|[sar]
necróscia	nome feminino	ne|[crós]|ci|a
necroscopia	nome feminino	ne|cros|co|[pi]|a
necroscópico	adjetivo	ne|cros|[có]|pi|co
necrose	nome feminino	ne|[cro]|se
necrosteose	nome feminino	ne|cros|te|[o]|se
necrotério	nome masculino	ne|cro|[té]|ri|o
necrótico	adjetivo	ne|[cró]|ti|co
necrotização	nome feminino	ne|cro|ti|za|[ção]
necrotizador	adjetivo	ne|cro|ti|za|[dor]
necrotizador	nome masculino	ne|cro|ti|za|[dor]
necrotizante	adjetivo	ne|cro|ti|[zan]|te
necrotizar	verbo	ne|cro|ti|[zar]
necrotizável	adjetivo	ne|cro|ti|[zá]|vel
necrotomia	nome feminino	ne|cro|to|[mi]|a
necrotômico	adjetivo	ne|cro|[tô]|mi|co
necrotómico	adjetivo	ne|cro|[tó]|mi|co
necrótomo	nome masculino	ne|[cró]|to|mo
nectândrea	nome feminino	nec|[tân]|dre|a
nectandro	nome masculino	nec|[tan]|dro
